I was worried I wasn’t going to like this. And not because I have an unhealthy love of comic book heroes and unrealistic expectations. No, I was worried because it seems the 98% of people I know had already seen it and enjoyed it. Even the wife. Thus, wading in with an opinion of ‘pfft…shite’ would prove about as popular as punching a kitten in the face. But in the end the fears proved unfounded as I really did like it.
you would think this man who is only one step above
M: “Hey babe?”
I crack open each pack
Oh and before I forget, our special sister, Deb’, well she requested we ordered her a new sim card, she wanted to make sure her soon to be ex-husband couldn’t text or ring her so that was organised, although ironically, whilst standing in the O2 shop, he rang and we hung up on him 3 times within a matter of minutes before removing the battery and sim card and oops he can’t contact her again on there, whoopee.
My “Cornish” daughter was still in evidence today – this one may run and run. She laughs with us about it and to hear a nearly 8-year old answer everything with “…my lover” in a broad accent is funny.
all may hear th’effectual call,
So I've made the move across the country - I actually made the move in June, but I wouldn't say that I've really settled in until now. I've got a job, I just moved into a new apartment in Portland, and I really feel like I'm beginning my life out here.
The chronic behaviour pattern has to be procrastination. There are some things that continue to escape my best intentions. If there ever was a miscast accountant, it’s me. I really struggle with my own paperwork. My taxes aren’t done, but I have a refund coming so I don’t HAVE to file them. Gonna try and do that this weekend. I am also a, shall we say, less than stellar housekeeper. I think I’d probably be more comfortable in a tidier home. This pattern can be broken…. I just need to examine my motives and
Seriously, I want to help you guys out.
In addition to the death benefit, living benefits life insurance policies offer the trifecta of terminal, chronic and critical illness financial protection for insureds and their families. Used as an alternative to traditional long term care insurance, indexed universal life insurance products with living benefits can provide dollars for chronic illness with the added benefit of cash value buildup. Clients who balk at paying a hefty LTC insurance premium may be more than willing to purchase a living benefits index universal life policy as it can provide significant cash value if the policy is surrendered.
Seth wanted very badly to say yes. He hated Bill Masterson more than anyone else, and listening to him yell was worse than his mother ever was. The man losing his job would make Seth genuinely happy for once. Instead he shook his head. "No," he whispered.
One of the many reasons I started this blog was to connect with people and share stories and info about running. It’s mostly been one-way but I get that people are scared to share their stories and comments. I get it, I was like that. But this little exercise in public writing has helped me quite a bit. And I’ve connected with people who I wouldn’t have otherwise. So it’s not all bad!
You may have been wondering why I have not been so active here on my Blog. Well, I've had a lot going on in my life right now and a few projects as well.
I started a blog about a year and a half ago, but after about 10 or 15 entries that were just so damn depressing, I stopped. I think maybe a couple of my friends were reading, but I decided that no one should be subjected to my despondent ramblings.
Favorite song?
Little Rock Arkansas
How to find a plan that will help produce a brochure on some of them to check out some of their floor plans. A great idea is to visit some of the manufacturers of these people if possible. Go talk to a salesperson, Log Home Plans you can ask a question through your mind. Most of the staff are very pleased to help you in choosing a friend.
Then I was afraid because you needed an “invite” to even join the site, and thinking back to my high school days when I’d wear a denim buttoned shirt on top of denim relaxed-fit jeans…well I didn’t think I’d make the cut.
Well, in addition to the service, the food was delicious and when our waiter brought around the desserts to choose from, I opted for the crème brulee. I don’t know what possessed me to order that because I am NOT an adventuresome eater, but for some reason I thought it would have chocolate in it.
The thought was sobering. As the camp grew, problems grew. It became more difficult to maintain order. There were many women alone or with children. There were a number of teenage girls quickly turning into women. Hood had noted the looks of many of the single men. It was natural but it was dangerous. Among other things, they were all sitting on a hormonal powder keg, its fuse lit by a collapse of society and its rules and norms. There were still remnants of the social mores of civilization, but many of them, like the economies of now-bankrupt nations, were teetering on the brink. One small nudge in the wrong direction … one minor crack in the code of discipline and the Freeman Militia Center could quickly turn into something ugly.
It needs some editing work. I’m not quite satisfied with the meter of it yet, but the theme is good.
...buy a decent bottle of wine and down it with a stellar friend if having a fat day. It's cheaper than therapy, cleaner than colonic irrigation and unlike a shotgun, you don't need a licence.
They blinded her and she flinched away, afraid of the bright light that drowned out the world. The man released her hand and was behind her in an instant. Her handbag dropped to the floor and she tried to blink away the white spots in her vision and they multiplied.
Well, no use in spilling all them beans.
The last few days have seen me finish my first tutorial! It uses the gorgeous Season of Joy stamp set from Stampin' Up! This was one of the first sets I brought and I still love it! The great thing is a few of the stamps in this set can be used all year round - so not just for Christmas! I've included a couple of bonus ideas with the tutorial to show just that! :)
Tired of hunting down cyber-terrorists and hackers, the conflicted cop moves down to Rio de Janeiro to start a new life as a black-market dealer of cybertronic doodads. The net may be vast and infinite, but this doesn't prevent his old employers from tracking him down. Forcing him to partake in a dangerous mission to locate a rogue agent named Jared (Marjorie Monaghan) in Shang Loo, Java, his bosses Farnsworth (Tim Thomerson) and Maritz (Brion James) install a small bomb in his heart to ensure his cooperation. Upon arriving in Shang Loo, Alex quickly becomes an unwilling pawn in an epic battle brewing between humans and cyborgs. And since he's somewhere in the middle, Alex must choose which side he's on.
Being the family of a soldier is difficult as well.
Guys. I went into this book wanting to love it as much as every one I know did. They all said that Amy is your average teen that everyone can relate to, but I really couldn't- This was probably my biggest issue with Amy is that I couldn't understand her. At all- More than that, I didn't like her- or most of the other characters in the book. I got that she has low self-esteem, but she NEVER stood up for herself. EVER.
So we flew to California last week. On the way out there, Leo got to sit next to the OCD guy who liked to whistle. And then hum. And then whistle some more.
While Leah's parents fight to save their daughter from destroying her brilliant future, Leah's younger sister, Justine, must cope with the damage her out-of-control sibling leaves in her wake. Will this family survive? What happens when love just isn't enough?
inventory stocked.
And putting the entry in decreases the odds for the other Applicants, all of whom met the Entry Requirements.
A seasoned adventurer, he enlightened me with all manner of new experiences in every realm imaginable. This day was no exception, bittersweet as it was. His late morning arrival in rumpled clothes from the previous night’s bacchanalian foray told me it was over and we both knew it. But, we were determined to make it a great day. Save the best for last; and we did…
If you are going to be shrinking your final piece: whenever possible, color the full scale version, then shrink later. This helps you have the most detail and it is much easier to accurately color tiny areas if they are slightly larger.
A Brightly-Coloured Box Full of Stars by Dorian Dawes
Going back to the hardware design, we’re hesitant to jump to conclusions at this point, but we do know that these next-generation iPhones are definitely floating around with shells that look identical to the iPhone 4. Because a report claimed that Apple is stuffing next-generation guts into iPhone 4 casings to throw off leaks, we don’t want to affirm that the new iPhone retains the iPhone 4 design. In addition, a new design has been rumored based on recent “iPhone 5″ case leaks.
You have made me feel this way…your love, your touch, your conversation,
Luke 1:38
There is this website, who offer support for people with the condition or concerned about it. It has information about the infection and the test and treatment. It dispels a LOAD of myths with facts like GBS is not a sexually transmitted disease and a mother or father can carry it rather happily without ever knowing or ever being treated for it so it is completely innocently passed on to the baby. Simply giving the mother antibiotics in labour can stop the illness from being passed to the baby being born.
As I cook the risotto, I will add the veg paste and maybe a drop or two of cream. The remainder of the cooked veg will go into the risotto when it is almost finished. Some Parmesan Romano on top, salt and pepper and it's done. Maybe some grated lemon, also.
Sara Finds a Mitzva by Rebeka Simhaee with illustrations by Michael Weber
Fort Wayne, IN
21B. CHRISTMAS/WINTER SPECIALTY SPICED BEER
Myth #4 – Introverts don’t like people.
The Q69 Casanova allegedly tried to bed the woman, who says she’s single.
If it hadn’t been for the child then none of this might have happened.
The snow balls were so dense and so big that I had to gently break them up with an ice pick. The next tool, and one that Bisou has always been wary of, was the hair dryer. But this time she seemed to understand her situation, and submitted. I let her finish drying off and relax the rest of the afternoon, and waited until evening to tackle the mats.
Verb Forms: Talk – Talked – Talking
A cat settling in your lap or nearby who half-closes his eyes isn’t showing a lack of interest; rather, closed eyes imply total trust and relaxation. (And whether you’re saying something fascinating or boring doesn’t much matter to the cat anyway.)
You both wrote the fictional parts of this documentary and directed it – what made you want to focus on this particular subject in the first place?
by Zak Ellison
But anywho, for IDUD, I wanted to show her more ladylike. She may be a vixen to men, but she doesn't seem to have any particular dislike of women. Other then if they jack with her plants. so I did Poison Ivy on her way to the Garden Club. I think she'd adore it. No clear face in any of the pictures, because I wanted it dark and like the dark nature of women. So much imagery of Poison Ivy seems to be that, kind of a mother nature thing.
a rewind reality check
Admittedly, I haven't written much lately in the blogosphere. But, I have been writing. On paper. With a pen.
I haven't read too far yet because I am reading this slowly, Lectio Divina style. It is very, very good and I am excited about reading it. I would be delighted if some of you would choose to read it also and share with me, because I'd love to discuss it with others.
How much available light is there?
But text mining and mirror reading are not so useful in the case of Romans because Paul isn’t writing to a church he founded, and because of that, he pulls his punches, tones down his language and works much more subtly than in, say, Galatians or 1 Corinthians. So scholars who simply look for the specifics of the letter or mirror read into it find some of the reasons Paul writes, but not the core issue. So, yes, he wanted support for his proposed trip to Spain, and yes, he wanted to address divisions within the Roman church, and yes, he wanted prayer, if not money, for his collection for Jerusalem.
Lots of folks take the great commission to mean they need to venture to the far corners of the world to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ. And they do. I am blessed when I think of the sacrifice it takes and the heart for God these folks exhibit to spread the gospel across the globe. Jesus taught us to make disciples of all nations.
Laughing Buddha, founded less than two years ago, has already garnered a lot of press for their fusion brews--and rightly so. We don't actually need another brewery making a flight of pale ales and IPAs. Valvo and Castillo have taken a chance on a new idea, and the early results are intriguing. I tried the Purple Yam Porter, Mango Weizen, and Pandan Brown, and indeed, they represent something original in brewing. Let's start out with a basic description.
Penciller: Greg Capullo
The Volume 7 DVD is a collection of 19 episodes that are full of side-splitting, alien enriched humor. There are 3 DVDs and plenty of extras to fill up on. It is labeled as bearing extras that are “Too rude for TV”. And you know that TV sensors and removes a lot of content/
‘My son,’ the father said, ‘you are always with me, and everything I have is yours. But we had to celebrate and be glad, because this brother of yours was dead and is alive again; he was lost and is found.’
Who the man is
Brunoise of pear, sauteed
Lemon*
I'm sure I almost hear the plants smacking their lips when it's time to add this 'Sweet Garden' product!!! Of course, we're lucky that we live close to sugar cane farm country, so this is locally produced in our region, and not very expensive.
SANGUINI'S: A VERY RARE RESTAURANT IS HIRING A CHEF DE CUISINE. DINNERS ONLY.
I was told by Pappa that they did find a couple blockages on the CT and he was eligible for tPA.
By “Breakthrough” I mean those athletes that achieved a new level of performance – in some cases moving up near the top of their event globally. Not just new PR’s but also consistency of performance. And all improved to the point where I think they are in a position to help the US in their medal search over the next couple of seasons.
One may ask the question, why now and why such a blitzkrieg, by passing all diplomatic norms, of even the worst of the Cold War and the 90s and quite literally fringing on war? Why during a parliamentary election and not the actual presidential? The West, that is the Anglo-West, did not even wait till the votes were counted to start its assault. Some areas were still voting and the OSCE had not yet said a word, when the Hitlery, er Hillery led assault began.
And the understanding of the divinity within all things
WANT TO USE THIS ARTICLE IN YOUR E-ZINE OR WEB SITE?
[18] See Robert H. Gundry, “Salvation in Matthew,” in Society of Biblical Literature: 2000 Seminar Papers (Atlanta: Society of Biblical Literature, 2000), 402-414 for a more detailed discussion of
Calorific Diet Tracker shows your ratio vs. ideal ratio and uses a three color traffic light system to keep you aware of what you are eating and how to immediately make modifications.
Finally, Cheef Clothing, the maker of my favorite sweatshirt (It says "I was here first"): The website is down, but hopefully will be back up soon!
They were all so excited (and smiling) as they ran past us when the race began!!
How to Claim the 7 Charisms Contained Within You
think?
Breakfast: Cheese Grits (150 calories)
Gas prices are going up again. Why are so many people surprised? And why are they thinking we need to tap into the oil reserves? If we were to use all the oil in the reserve, what would happen if we really had an emergency?
It makes me feel calm
Thanks for stopping by daily.
Jen (the recipient of the shower) had said to me early on that if I was going to throw a shower she’d like me to know that her favorite cake was from Lamb’s Thriftway and was the banana cake with bavarian cream filling.
I can’t seem to move.
Debra Magpie Earling
Offering multiple methods of news delivery is definitely a plus, but there is room for Patch to take its use of these channels to the next level.
The last session of the LGfL conference was an update about the LGfL 2.0 migration. Basically, it’s a big job and it’s taking longer than we expected but will result in a faster, more secure and more resilient broadband connection for schools. Yay! One guy even tried enlivening his presentation by including Disney quotes. Fair dos.
I hope you all had a wonderful holiday! Mine just ended as my daughter is back at school today after two weeks off.
The portrait title is from a country song I liked by Hank lll. If you’re a country music fan give it a listen, here’s the You Tube link.
I would never be able to do what I do with these gadgets and gizmos without the right software. My phone is not the most recent model, but by running the most recent software, it runs like a champ, so I'm not missing much by not having the newest phone on the market. Applications and programs are the blood that flows through the machines in order to make my life a living dream! I use many different apps for a multitude of different things. Today I will cover only the basics of time and to dos. Here's a look at how I use the gift of software to gain control of my life.
Coffee is your stress relief. Now prayer is your stress relief. You got to have a cup at work. Say a prayer at work. You keep coffee stocked in the cabinet. Keep your prayer line stocked and ready to rebuke those unGodly things.Prayer is CPR to surviving life and all the unknown it brings for today. For those who are not coffee drinker replace your addiction with prayer.
“I don’t remember ever having asked for Mr Ashby’s number,” he said.
Nonetheless, experimental manipulations in studies 2 to 4 elicited analytic thinking by having participants perform one task or another (looking at pictures or unscrambling sentences) before rating their religious beliefs. Although unlikely, it is conceivable that the act of performing any task—not just tasks known to elicit analytic cognitive tendencies—may decrease religious belief.
WRITE!
Dawson, 12: "Mom, I had the most horrible dream. I had a huge page and I had to find every single synonym and antonym. When I did, they turned into numbers and then I had to divide everything by two. I didn't think it would ever end. Talk about a nightmare!"
South Africa for the huge amount when the agency had a training deal
Co Kildare.
Put the cup under the front of the shirt, or where ever you want it. and then tighten the fabric over the mouth of the cup and put on the rubber band.
Although I really like this, there is one glaring flaw, her shoe being up like that is kinda distracting and take attention away from the bikini and makes it look somewhat like a shoe ad. Its not bad though. She looks really athletic and her face is really nice and the swimsuit looks great on her. All in all, not too bad for our future winner.
Sorry to bring this up in a brewing blog, but just think about the 15 year old who was stabbed to death here in Tyrrelstown yesterday evening. Happened more or less outside my door.
Anyway, back to the walls...
cost-effective for UBC and does not absolve faculty members and students from
Finally, her dead foster father Fletcher left her a mysterious folder about happened the night her mother and sisters were murdered and Gin finds a huge secret that makes her question the now dead Fletcher Lane. This was was exciting, while giving us insight into Gin’s past with flashbacks as well as a glimpse of what may come with this mysterious folder.
Around the blogosphere I went today and saw lots of posts on the new word verification.
look back on and remember. I do take those types
Robyn's Fetish Digital Stamps And More, a division of I Did It Creations, was created and is is owned by Robyn Weinrib. Robyn offers a wonderful variety of digital stamps and digital papers, designed to meet the needs of all digital paper crafting addicts for every occasion.
Roll Date: Fall 2008
People’s Brewing - Hopkilla, West Lafayette
The BSYO is an integral part of their community, performing at regular events such as Seniors Week, Youth Week, festivals such as Viva La Gong and the Illawarra Folk Festival, and numerous charity concerts. The orchestra also regularly performs for other regional musical societies, such as Berry, Gerringong and the Illawarra Choral Society, performs in joint concerts with other orchestras, choirs, and bands, as well as collaborates for workshops and concerts with recognised national organisations such as the Australian Youth Orchestra, the Australian Chamber Orchestra, the Sydney Symphony and the Australian String Teacher’s Association.
I reserve the right subsequently to elaborate on the above propositions.
Big Hugz and Much Love
Karin Kasper: Media strategies begin with each client’s specific needs and the product evaluation evolves from there. Client needs and products vary by geography. What works in one area may differ in another based on the target audience and the product’s ability to effectively reach that audience.
Iranian politicians, including Ashtiani, have been recently criticised for interferring in the country's sports. The MP's forehead in the cartoon (as also in reality) has a dark mark, said to be the sign of a pious muslim, caused (supposedly) by frequent prostration during prayer.
It was the line, “I just don’t want this,” that sent me packing. I grabbed my purse, put on my coat, and attempted to grab my blanket. But the bastard snatched it up and refused to give it to me. Who buys a present for someone and then refuses to let them take it with them? Even when the present is crappy…
Oh and if you happening to be in or visiting a hospital please put your phone on silent - really it is a hospital and none of the patients care to hear your loud ringtone.
Now on to today's giveaway. My mom has generously given me one of her super cute headbands that she was working on here.
He said, “don’t you dare, don’t you even think about jumping off that roof!”
Di
Hidden Power
Some were subjected to harsh treatment by other inmates, who pushed their heads into the toilet bowl while assaulting them, while others had to surrender their food as fights broke out in the cells during meal times.
So I straight away shake my head without saying anything,
As everyone was packing up to leave, we were waiting for the shuttle van to come back and take us to where we were picked up. But it never came back. Cousin Eddie said they'd drive us to our car. The only problem was that it was approaching closing time and everything was on lockdown and my car was on the opposite side of the fairgrounds. After driving around the fair a few times and trying every entrance, we finally decided to jump out of the car at a red light and just walk from one of the exits. We didn't want Eddie to have to "make a call" to get us to our car. Next time we will have to stop being groupies at a decent time to get back before everything closes!
The last three weeks have been filled with fun. Let’s review.
I give you life
D.H: Giants are contained, they kick it away. Patriots get a touchback.
I have been thinking a lot about water lately. After rereading the Mistborn series and the different ways that metals were used to create three different and distinct magic systems that are similar, I was thinking about the different ways in which water could be used to create power — as water wheels turning gears, a very rudimentary way of getting things done; as steam power, which is more sophisticated, but has the drawbacks of needing water to turn into steam; and then as hydroelectric power. I am still figuring out how I would use these three elements of water in my world, but this is a start. We’ll see where it goes from here.
I took him to our vet to be scanned to see if he has a chip. No chip.
Do you see how I plan these entries strategically? I spare you the weepy Wednesdays, the Tear-my-hair-out Thursdays (one day I did actually pull out a few strands of hair in frustration), La Llorona / Moaning Myrtle / banshee on craic imitation days. I spare the reflections to future teachers - "don't do it! run the other way!" - and neglect to attach the furious e-mails sent to loved ones of my futility in this profession.
Things had been pretty quiet as far as insurgent activity, though there had been a consistent presence in the area in the past (and it continues–the Provincial Capital still frequently gets bombed). But things were fairly calm for the summer. Police arrested people and politicians went to work and tried not to be corrupt. One such man, an elected member of the Provincial Council, had a son who was somewhere between 8 and 10 years old. He went to school. He played soccer. He was probably a bit mischievous at home.
I decided to try a new method of dealing with the spitting, since nothing seems to faze this kid. So once I got my high-pitched giggle under control, I said, “Oh dear! Is there something yucky in your mouth? I guess we need to clean it.”
I think it should be clear to the discerning reader that I would side with Henghis—not that I consider him an epitome, but he is, at least, a civilized being. What comes after him is definitely a rough beast. In The Spiral Labyrinth, we see the world after the first few centuries of the world’s ultimate age that will culminate in Jack Vance’s Dying Earth: a decadent, amoral Old Earth of rogues, monsters, and self-involved sorcerers.
Most of my medication, as with many other people with incurable conditions, can, very broadly, be described as palliative, in that it eases the symptoms but isn’t urgent – it doesn’t cure anything, because nothing is curable.** So how soon can I expect my GP to start buggering with my meds, I wonder?
No we bloody well don’t.
He does not plan to make an effort to repeal the ban, but Nash said he would support a revision that would exempt drivers on official company business.
Advisors can also go a step further and recommend language including a yearly update in the original succession plan, providing a legal basis for these refinements. This can serve to highlight the need for the meetings and ensure that modifications are not constantly tabled until the executives can find time to fit a review into their ever busy schedules.
April has arrived, which (in the northern hemisphere) brings thoughts of wearing your Sunday springtime best and perhaps donning an Easter bonnet! So we want to you to show us your Sunday best; ruffles, ribbons, lace, frills; however you want to interpret the challenge!
Good Morning Everyone, Donna here (just got out of hospital mid week) with our latest challenge with the theme of Embossing, so we'd like to see some dry or wet embossing on your cards this week...........but before we get to the cards from the lovely Team A, the winner chosen by random
Yes, I completely blame Navimie for this one. All that superhero talk sparked my creative juices and my OCD kicked in to the point I had to build this. For your pleasure, the X-Men (Alliance):
I also came home recently with quite a horde of new steampunk fiction and after finishing the first, I am well and truly hooked!
Over the years, I’ve received a fair number of notes from military families who appreciated seeing folks like themselves depicted in the pages of a tween story, though many wondered why such books are so rare.
“You’re too big.”
Hello - busy weekend... again!
Refreshing, uplifting.
The bulk of what’s written above applies to McPherson and his trio as well as it does to AS: this is innocent music, pure music. Let’s neither get all Alan Lomaxy, nor let’s pretend that innocence or purity are aspects which automatically lend music power or punch (who hasn’t seen earnest-as-fuck crapshows?). But, again, as with AS, there’s a directness and joy in what McPherson’s doing, or at least that’s what it sounds like to this listener. Here’s what you should maybe know as well: everything used to record and make Signs and Signifiers was made before 1970 (often well before). A move like that could, depending on the seen-it-all world-weariness of the listener, strike as a gimick or schtick—I wonder how I’d feel it, say, The Strokes were to try a stunt like that. I don’t know. I’d claim, though, that McPherson and his bandmates did not endeavor to make an album like Signs and Signifiers out of any avaristic, let’s-look-like-this intent. Who knows, maybe they did, but I doubt it: what it sounds like is they’re into this old-time rock+roll music (which, let’s be real clear: McPherson’s songs could be fucking outtakes from Ray Charles’s magic 1950′s years; I’m not kidding) and they’re trying to make the best old-time rock+roll album they can. Meaning it doesn’t remotely sound like they’re trying to appear any certain way, meaning they are—like the Alabama Shakes—about as rare as it gets in terms of modern bands and music: folks who seemingly, truly, don’t give a shit about coming off any certain way other than trying as hard as they can to get to the sound and idea they’re most moved by. If you think I’m crazy and that this is more common than I’m believing it to be, I’d simply ask: when was the last time you were surprised by music? We talk about Adele with such reverence for a reason, and we did about Amy Winehouse the same way for similar reasons, and we talk about Radiohead for similar reasons. All of these folks? I’d argue that they share an uncompromising, un-self-conscious drive to get to the music they’re most moved by. Holy hell do you owe it to yourself to listen, as do we all.
The Temple Restaurant
And then once recovered, what do you do next? Training for these babies is full on and gives you a real focus. Running 4+ days a week and doing more and more miles and seeing improvements along the way, really gives you a boost and focuses the mind. So when it’s all over, there’s a gap – at least for a bit. For a lot of people if you don’t enter races that often, what now? Enter another race. This year is London’s year and there are lots of great running events on. One I’d only just heard about is the British 10k London on Sunday 8th July – a week or so before the London Olympics and covering part of the planned Olympic Marathon route. Covers a lot of the great sights you see on the London Marathon and the Royal Parks Foundation 1/2 and “only” 6.25 miles (10km) and 25,000 people – so a great crowd running through normally busy roads in central London. See the route plan below:
Friday the 23rd – Syleena Johnson @ The Hare & Hounds, Kings Heath, Birmingham – Tonight, she’s gonna let go. (EDIT: Note well, if it’s important to you for transport and such – it’s a club-night type of gig and Syleena will be on later in the night).
Moving along, in one month, I will be finally moving to a new place with a friend of mine! It’s a small duplex, but it’s nice inside and we have the liberty of painting, gardening, hanging stuff, etc. It’s also much closer to my work, closer to a lot of friends, closer to downtown of the city, closer to alternative transit systems (rail trolley and buses, so to speak), closer to just a lot of things I’ve been wanting to be closer to.
After 1 minute:
Framed prints size and availability
BLITZER: Governor Romney, why are you the one person on this stage most likely to beat President Obama?
DebK-Screamin’Peacock
These relations between practical commitments are what underlie the instrumental dimension of practical reasoning (i.e., means-ends reasoning). They determine what would count as a satisfying a given practical commitment, and thus both what one must do (e.g., go to Nepal) and must not do (e.g., stay in the UK) if it is to be satisfied. However, there is more to practical reasoning than instrumental reasoning. There is reasoning about what one is going to do, as well as reasoning about how one is going to do it. We might call this the motivational dimension of practical reasoning, and it is underpinned by inferential relations that connect theoretical commitments to practical commitments, rather than those that connect theoretical to theoretical (and thus, indirectly, practical to practical). The kinds of inferences these correspond to are usually understood as inferences to intentions (i.e., practical commitments) from beliefs (i.e., theoretical commitments) when combined with desires (or other so-called pro-attitudes). What is distinctive of Brandom’s approach to practical reasoning (and the feature which is relevant to our concern with the notion of value) is the way he accounts for the role that desires (and other pro-attitudes) play in these inferences. To explain this I’m going to have to use some of Brandom’s own examples of such inferences:-
* Take a moment to comment on the blogs telling them you're from Friday Follow
“You can’t just walk away from our love. When I’m with you, I feel normal.”
My voice is fucking terrible, really bad and I literally can't sing for toffee!
It’s all about location, angles and timing. This bench is a perfectly positioned gnomon on a sundial, a witness to an ordinary scene that becomes truly magical at one particular moment of the day. As evening arrives, the sun slides down the sky and bleeds into the horizon, slowly plunging behind the Montmartre hill. The waves of rooftops glint in the dying orange and the Sacre Coeur, a building I don't even like, becomes shadowy antique splendour.
136 ***2. “The Babylonian Captivity of the Chicago Public School System.” Chicago Principals Reporter, Spring 1975, pp. 7-17. (Source: Item D-III/7/1974, below. Incorporated in Item B-5, above, pp. 454-68 (1992).)
1/2 tsp smoked paprika
So I have 28.2 pounds to go to get to my goal - lord help me!!!!
I'm particularly intrigued by it because it's a real festival - it's over a weekend, there are various venues, bands playing, and we'll be camping. It looks like it's going to be amazing.
'Tis you, 'tis you must go and I must bide.
4) dancing at the Vic, minus the incredibly bad DJ. I don’t understand techno being intermixed into every song.
Next, I head to the grocery store. I have 4 reusable grocery bags from www.thebagsy.com that hold quite a bit of food! So, my grocer packs all my weeks worth of groceries into those 4 bags plus an additional bag of ice. I politely decline the drive-up that is offered. I leave the cart in the front entry way as I proceed to carry my groceries to my car: 3 bags in one hand and 2 bags in the other. Hmm…quite similar to a weighted farmer’s walk (pictured above). Load them up. Thanks Crossfit.
From his whitewash investigation of My Lai-related complaints as a young Army officer to his key role giving legitimacy to George W. Bush’s presidency and the Iraq War, Powell almost always did what was best for his career, not for his country.
I LOVE having a blog! Participating in challenges, and viewing artwork on other blogs has made me a better card maker. I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to be on the H2H Design Team, and hope that I'll get a chance to inspire a few others along the way."
Okay so I'm not exactly Charlie Sheen, but I have my own loose cannon ways. Like, getting ready for a theatre opening night the other night I found I only had mismatched socks left. What did I do? I wore mismatched socks – and got away with it. Loose Cannon.
As far as my craft stuff goes, I am trying to convince myself the LESS is MORE. I mean each month I get my choice of an Artful Delight card or scrapbook kit to play with plus any other little things I chose to pick up. I don't get much time to craft now and I am not sure how much that will change when we move, I will just exchange school with work and probably be just as busy as I am now. Although I think half the reason I don't craft as much now is I just don't have the space. My craft area is my kitchen/dining room table and stuff is all over the place. In order to craft I would have to spend 30+ minutes just cleaning space, then another 15-30 minutes searching through all my stuff to find what I want to use to craft. Just seems like a lot of work. BUT maybe once we move and I have a dedicated space to craft, all my stuff organized then I won't feel so overwhelmed. I would still like to limit my paper crafting purchases to a min, other than buying "tools"(you can never have enough of those), ya know punches, dies, embossing folders, etc.....I want to keep the actual paper and embellishments to a minimum. Let's see how that goes. LOL!!!
Oh how I often joke and say to my family and friends that yes I do understand that I could NEVER be a father to my amazing boy BUT I do wear a set of pants under my skirt! It is not by choice but like a great deal of other single parents ( productive ones ) who are living their lives and hoping and praying that the way they are raising their sons are working!
Consider giving TIME a little more of your TIME, even when you do not think you have TIME for this exercise. When we take TIME and make TIME, we will surprise ourselves at what TIME really means in our lives. TIME can make the difference and TIME can be the difference. TIME can be wasted or TIME can be used as a resource. TIME adds to our lives, TIME subtracts from our lives,TIME divides in our lives, and TIME multiplies in our lives, this the beauty of TIME.
We give them a milkbone (broken up) right before they go to sleep, and perhaps one at mid day. Works great!
14) Bed time! Sound the noisemakers non stop for 20 to 90 minutes. Then get yourself a glass of wine.
Reed Smith LLP does not just have an eDiscovery team, it has one with a snappy name thanks to the fortuitous conjunction of the initial letters of “Records and eDiscovery” to make the “Red Team”. The Red Team apparently has more than 50 lawyers dedicated to eDiscovery. Together Equivio’s new Zoom platform for eDiscovery analytics and predictive coding and kCura’s review platform Relativity give the firm an integrated solution. kCura’s press release is here and Equivio’s Press Release is here.
I'm almost certain that Blake Shelton is trying to play a prank on America by having this RaeLynn girl on his team. It has to be a joke, right? At her best, she's like a 4 year old in a tutu screaming at mommy to watch her sing. Every time she opens her mouth to sing (or speak, for that matter), I'm appalled at how ridiculous it sounds. Am I the only one in America who is hearing this? Good GOD.
Anything by Georgette Heyer or Terry Pratchett, and The Lost Art of Keeping Secrets, by Eva Rice, is perfect too.
Aris Greek Lager
I can't decide.
Length: 44:28
A woman who has worked
The worst lies are the ones we subconsciously tell ourselves. They’ve been ingrained in our minds by bad external influences and negative thinking. So the next time you decide to unclutter your life and clean up your space, start with your intellectual space by clearing out the old lies and negative self-talk you often recite to yourself.
You’re sixteen, not six, she thought, sighing at her reflection. Then she smiled. Pushing the pendant to the left, she pressed it hard against her skin and squeezed her eyes shut.
She really does like to keep us on our toes. Now I have to work something out so that she cannot bite the wood. I already covered the top of the chest of drawers in newspaper because she was biting the edges of that.
And she blasted the werewolf aside,
All my despairs come back.
The story of the tortoise and the hare is a study in irony: the speedy hare, haughty and self-confident, loses to the slow and steady tortoise…with a lesson that sober persistence is the key to success. The concept is so foreign to our present thought.
I think these are the most special presents of all.
Johnson, M. 1987. The Body in the Mind: The Bodily Basis of Meaning, Imagination, and Reason. Chicago: Chicago University Press.
also add a link to it in Inlinkz (please show a photo of your card) so we are sure to see it.
WHEN: Tuesday, May 15, 2012
For those of you who haven't heard yet, I'm illustrating a webcomic that is written by Sydney writer, Timothy Nakayama, through Greyhaven Comics.
First, he constantly told lies to another as long as it helped maintain his control over the person. The victim, who attempted to communicate with the manager always met frustrations because the boss always denied what he did or justified his actions by saying “What’s wrong with it?”
The fear of God is about reverence, its about recognising that he’s the boss of the whole thing. Its about humbling ourselves as an act of submission and worship.
I'm not really sure what the hubbub about this milestone is all about anyway. I don't feel 50 so why should I act it? :)
&I love that the weather is beautiful!
And, finally, I come to Frank Moorhouse (b. 1938). I have to admit that I’ve only read one of his books but it was a great one, Grand days, the first of his League of Nations or Edith trilogy. The second in the trilogy, Dark Palace, won the Miles Franklin Award, and the last, Cold light, is, with Mears’ Foal’s bread, one of the five novels shortlisted for this year’s Miles Franklin. Moorhouse is another of our outspoken writers. He has been arrested for campaigning against censorship but, for me as a librarian, his main claim on my memory comes from his copyright infringement case against the University of New South Wales library. In 1973, the library authorised the making of photocopies of pages from his book, The Americans, baby. The court found that the university had infringed his copyright, setting in motion changes both to the Copyright Act and to the management of photocopiers. As much as I loved Grand Days, it is Moorhouse’s impact on copyright practice in Australia that I’ll never forget.
2064.E-X/3/1998. “Character Matters in a Republic.” Hickory Daily Record, Hickory, North Carolina, p. A-4.
Mix all that together for the first layer which is like the crust. Then you pat it down in the prepared baking dish that is lined with foil. Layer #1 needs at least 1 full hour in the fridge to harden.
in a single layer. Top the shrimp with the minced garlic, country ham
And I'm also leaving next week to Russia, so dunno what happens then, cause i don't have any outer world connections there.. But well, when i come back in the end of July, there'll be a super huge post then about my whole trip..
It wasn't just the taste... but the smell... I can't even describe it. You'd have to go out and purchase one and smell it yourself. And I don't recommend doing so.
“Hold on spider-monkey”
Today as I was cruising thru Overstock looking for possible rug options for my brother's new apartment, I spotted something strangely familiar.
Whilst watching 'Pandaemonium' the other evening I learnt something that I really should have known and that is the fact that 'The Three Bears' is not a Grimm's fairy tale, although it is always packaged as one, it was first published anonymously by Richard Southey in 1837.
3. Bound to happen. Taking calcium and vitamin D has brought me vomitting and nausea. I figured if I took an ondansatron wait for a 1/2 hr, take the calcium and then take the balance of my pills, this would work.
Meanwhile, for all of the fantastic names created by talented marketing teams, there is an immeasurable tower of cringe-worthy names. To start off, look no further then the name of Sprint’s iteration of Samsung’s Galaxy S II smartphone: the Sprint Samsung Galaxy S™ II, Epic™ 4G Touch. Really? Really? If you’re going to include all of that, you might as well have thrown in how much RAM it has, the size of its battery, and its screen resolution. I mean, the name is so ridiculous, it makes you wonder if Samsung and Sprint are collaborating on some evil joke.
Worthington now has a mission: The President's new beer friend wants to send Oregon hops to the President for White House brewing.
I love streamlining my life, so naturally, the concept of Project Ten Pan intrigues me. But between excavating my lipstick graveyard earlier this year (this post) and finally having acquired the discipline to buy only items that work well for me, Project Ten Pan for my makeup bag seems pointless. But then I asked myself, "Well, what about your medicine cabinet then? Why not play Project Ten Pan with your unloved skincare loot?"
The heart chakra corresponds with “polarity,” swinging back and forth between extremes with the idea being that one should equalize.
you can’t even remember why you picked him up
When it's just me, a 4 year old and an infant, pulled pork for days can get a bit old.
Last of the 33 cent vintage. I picked up a lot of White Sox (there are 4 more cards I did not scan). Managers row in the middle. Again - you are looking at a Schoendienst, a Martin and a Hodges that cost a total of $1. Score! Total cost on screen (with the 4 not scanned): $4.
But ...
Jesse: (Looks away distantly, eyes starting to water.) I have these dreams, you know, that I’m…I’m standing on a platform, and uh, you keep going by on a train, and…you go by, and you go by, and you go by, and you go by, and I wake up with the fucking sweats, you know? And then I have this other dream, oh…where you’re…pregnant, in bed beside me, naked, and I want so badly to touch you, but you tell me not to and then you look away and…and I…I…I touch you anyway, right on your ankle and your skin is so soft and I wake up in sobs, alright? (Inhales deeply.) And my wife is sitting there looking at me, and I feel like I’m a million miles from her, and I know that there’s something…wrong! (Céline reaches out to stroke Jesse’s face, but pulls her hand back before he sees her.) You know, that I ca…that I can’t keep living like this, that there’s gotta be something more to love than commitment. But then I think that…I might have given up…on the whole idea of romantic love. That I…I might have put it to bed that…that day when you weren’t there. You know, I think I might have done that.
If going for distance - say 3 miles, I keep ramping down the walks....though I might say 30 seconds of the run at the next slower mph - but the final 30 seconds of the run interval bump it back up to 6.9 -7.2mph. This can really kick my butt, I feel like a spaz but in a good way.
Finally I've decided to reopen the old Power Pop Lovers Blog published simultaneously on wordpress and blogger with the same inputs in order to recover and keep those wonderful albums to enjoy the nostalgic and new discoverers of them.
Man is born to trouble as the sparks fly upward.
1/2 cup flour
This yellow dress is eye-catching, but not the best I've seen;
Slander is the oral communication of false statements that are harmful to a person’s reputation. If the statements are proven to be true, it is a complete defense to a charge of slander. Oral opinions that don’t contain statements of fact don’t constitute slander. Slander is an act of communication that causes someone to be shamed, ridiculed, held in contempt, lowered in the estimation of the community, or to lose employment status or earnings or otherwise suffer a damaged reputation. Slander is a subcategory of defamation.
I was pleasantly surprised while stumbling around looking for sources and ideas about free speech for this post to run across FreeSpeechTV. I don’t watch regular TV and finding little things like this that is proactive instead of reactive on the Internet is inspirational of what we can become.
I am currently in the process of transitioning from aluminum GI magazines for the M4s to Magpul PMags. It's been a struggle to convince myself. While I've heard very few negative reports from the field about PMags, and lots of positive reports, I still remember the old days of testing polymer mags and them being total pieces of shit. Now that I've got several months of running the PMags, in both winter and spring conditions here in the mountains, I'm starting to trust them thoroughly. While I've still got no issues whatsoever with GI mags, the PMags have won me over finally. All my GI mags will end up stored away or placed in caches in the area, as well as any stockpiled PMags, after I've replaced all my basic load magazines. Take it for what it's worth.
Eric sang with the Chandler Children's Choir at the Chandler Center for the Arts last weekend. It was a storybook theme and a really enjoyable concert. He's come so far in his singing capabilities (he was awarded the "Biggest Range" at the end of year party).
I am linking this card to the following challenges:
Chicken Fingers from Raising Canes. They are SO good. How have I missed out on these for so long?
I also had tons of leftover fabrics ...and pale blue seemed to go best with the oyster shells. So I had a look if the oyster shells fitted in the box- as mine was very shallow .
The long-sleeve sleepsack is what we have and love, but CastleWare’s product offerings don’t stop there. There is an entire line of baby clothing from pants, tops and other sleepwear along with accessories including receiving blankets, sheets, washcloths, hats and booties. Three cheers for a beautiful company making absolutely stunning organic baby clothing and gear. Hands down one of my best finds so far!
When you’re passionate about something, no matter what you do, you’ll always find a way to keep your heart close to it. This I’ve just experienced with architecture. I thought quitting my job to do a RTW would separate me from my profession, but now I’m more active, more related, more thoughtful, and more passionate about it than I had even been while working at an office.
Yes, really. They’d booked him in for the Snip.
I started noticing bizarrities of shoe imagery on my wanderings within the web, and either posted links to her or set them up here.
Simply put, this is delicious. This is easy to make. This tastes very good! Oh, and I've made this recipe with sweet potatoes, and that's really good! I've used some variations-- savory rosemary and garlic... and I've even used orange juice.
sitting among the clothes, i assume she was carefully examining each article to see if it was clean and dry. *wink*. so adorable it was!... and of course, i had to grab my camera to sneak up on her and capture it all.
- about 150g raspberries
This weekend was a complete whirlwind and didn't go like I planned, but it ended up being really great! Let's recap, shall we?
Tuesday, March 20 (7:00 – 9:00 pm)
“A question I’ve never got an answer to: why is it ok to not listen to secular music, but still listen to Afro beats? The content is the same (sometimes worse in Afro beats)…I really don’t understand…!”
In the above photo I have used a light blue color in the negative space which makes a 1st order color triangle with the red and yellow of the peaches. It is not a true color triangle, because the colors are 'broken', but the blue negative space brings the attention more to colors. Together with a soft backlight you get the impression of smoothness and silkyness of the fruit. And the colors still remain a fresh impression.
2. Engagement
One lucky person will receive a PDF copy of the diaper wristlet pattern and another PDF pattern of their choosing from Candice's shop.
We are all love and time.
At this point, he got seriously involved in my quest. He said I couldn't help being a natural-born Dropper of Things, but he agreed that I needed to upgrade. The search began for a Canon EOS SLR . I was given a used Canon 50D. It was cheap because it’s wonky (and I damaged it even more by trying to clean it), but I love it dearly. Then, Dr. Big bought a Canon T1i as the “family” camera. It’s much easier to carry around than the 50D, and it has many of the 50D’s options, such as “Creative Mode” and automatic. You can tinker, but to a point.
is often centered around propriety and convention, rigid social
The new hardware did not. :) It had a plate the latch was installed in. I thought this was going to be a major pain in the booty to deal with when I first realized this, it’s not a big deal at all. Hang in there folks…this is the fun part. ;)
And to me, that's quite a prize.
Of course, everybody who wants to see this film, is mainly attracted because of the cast on display here and even as good as some of these all-stars may be, they still can’t seem to get by a shitty script such as this. Judi Dench is lovely as Evelyn, but all of her problems in life are as boring as watching paint dry; Bill Nighy brings a lot of his usual, dry wit to his role here as Douglas, but can’t seem to bring too much character to somebody as dull as this dude; Ronald Pickup is charming as the old, horny dude named Norman, even though he is very under-used; Maggie Smith is pretty much a bitch to everybody around her about 90% of the movie, and the other 10% is some cheesy, emotional arc to her that seems to have come out of nowhere; Celia Imrie plays Jean, and seems like she was totally misplaced in a movie about a bunch of boring, old people; and Penelope Wilton is the most annoying character here as Jean.
Picknick Smoked was one of my favorites. The pulled pork was nice and smoky, and not too drenched in sauce. They also put cole slaw on the sandwich, which I like. Their Arnold Palmers (half iced tea and half lemonade) were some of the best thirst quenchers of the day.
Is it pathetic that I'm super excited about my nails this week? Because I am. I love them.
Gnats.
I hope to be a true woman of God - more faithful - kinder, more patient, softer in my words and attitude - loving and I hope for the courage to stand up and live more righteously the role I have as a mother. I know I am doing part of this through the way I dress and coming before him each day in a modest and feminine way.
And voila!
This image is called "Katie Computer Gal"
In the meantime, Mrs. Miracle has come to work in the toy department of Findleys, bring them all together, and save Christmas!
Start/Finish: Manningtree Station TM094322
The Pomona writer—last week, before leaving for LA, I met four of my students, my favorites, and we walked down Michigan Avenue. First we drank tea and spoke of various limitations and life, and then –also so beautiful, each one—we walked to hear Claudia Rankine read and speak--
You are cordially invited to the Proteus Gowanus All Day Holiday Shopping Party!Sunday, December 19, 12-6 pm
For some unfathomable reason, I only eat red cabbage on special occasions. This must be remedied inmediately, because it´s very easy and really great.
Mother:
:: note how emme grace and rayley beth added what they thought each one needed...i mean who would make ernie without his ducky and bert without his pigeon? and like elmo goes anywhere without dorothy? oh how i smiled when i walked in and saw this....my oh-so-funny and very detail-oriented big girls;)
Confirmation #5: Wichita Kansas to Topeka Kansas – hit with damaging winds, and hail hardest part of the storm directly over the effected frequency injection area :
If I was gay, it would further complicate my life. The skin I live in is already bruised and battered by the social experiences that are unique to people that are black, female, and blind. If gay was added to my list of minority labels, I think that would be just too much for me to handle.
‘I am afraid of finding it,’ said Flambeau.
Later that evening, Terpil explained that one of the guests on the barge was Carlos Ramirez, known to police throughout the world as ”the Jackal” – the international terrorist believed to be responsible for planning the 1972 Olympics massacre in Munich, a deadly raid on the Fiumicino Airport in Rome and numerous aircraft hijackings. There was no photograph of Ramirez in existence, Terpil told Mulcahy; the ”Wanted” posters on display at airports throughout the world contained only a composite drawing. Terpil also told Mulcahy that Ramirez was living in barracks No. 3 at the former Wheelus United States Air Force base in Libya. Terpil seemed awed by Ramirez, who was accompanied at the party by Sayad Qaddafi, chief of Libyan intelligence, identified by Terpil as Qaddafi’s cousin and the second most powerful man in Libya. Mulcahy was now in far too deep and he knew it. It was late August and John Harper and other Wilson-Terpil employees were at work in Tripoli setting up the munitions laboratory for terrorist bombs and a training program for their effective use. Wilson and Terpil made it clear to Mulcahy that they did not want him to go Libya. Mulcahy kept his now grave doubts to himself and continued on his business trip, moving on to Copenhagen and another series of meetings. Terpil returned to Libya, and he and Wilson suddenly dispatched an urgent cable to Copenhagen: Mulcahy was to break off his trip and return to Washington to open negotiations there with the General Dynamics Corpora-tion for the purchase of one of its Redeye ground-to-air missiles. General Dynamics had advertised in trade journals that it had l8 Redeyes for sale to legally acceptable buyers. The missile, which could not be exported to Libya under the law, is shoulder-launched and has a heat-seeking component that enables it to track and destroy aircraft in flight. It had been used extensively and successfully by the Israelis during the 1973 war. ”My problem was not to worry about the paperwork,” Mulcahy says. ”Terpil and Wilson had a pilot in Pennsylvania who would fly anywhere. Once he got over the water” – and away from American legal jurisdiction – ”he would change the paper.” If the Red Eye had been purchased, the pilot would simply change the intended recipient listed on the export license, from an approved ally, such as those in NATO, for example, to Libya.
When an account is up for grabs, the RFPs should include a section on each competing agency’s diversity objectives and achievements. Presenting hard numbers and case studies to prove inclusiveness must be mandatory. Additionally, each agency ought to introduce the diverse team that will service the account. If a new account requires hiring staff, the client must instruct the winning agency to meet specific employment goals to ensure diversity happens. Finally, clients should be required to invite minority agencies to pitch—to assume lead AOR status, not multicultural second-class citizenship.
Further Training
The road to hell is paved with good intentions, goes the saying. Whoever first said that surely must have had Democrats in mind.
That’s how it worked, if you were bigger and stronger, then you took from the smaller, weaker children. There was a definite pecking order and the stronger, older children ruled the orphanages. There were many fights and children who acted out their disappointments in life by bullying and committing petty crimes in the local stores. Everything was shared whether they wanted to or not. The strong survived. It was reminiscent of Lord of The Flies.
“I said GET IN, PRIEST!” Peck roars.
insulted most? Creativity.
Some of my highlights included spending a lot of time in Jim's crusty but loveable Toyota 'Shandy' (complete with a 'Badass Bitch' bumper sticker which I like to think was akin to Uma Thurman's 'Pussy Galore' paintwork in Kill Bill, but about 100 times smaller.) I also cycled through San Francisco with Charlie and huffed and puffed up for a ride over the Golden Gate Bridge. The sun was blazing and we spied two porpoises down in the bay below us.
And when he was tasked to give the details, he could not explain, the Prime Minister however insisted that he did not have the name of the officer but said he would bring the details to the house when police investigations have been concluded.
I also remember thinking during that time, I hoped that event would be the worst I would see in my lifetime. I hoped and prayed for no other devastating, tragic, and horrendous act to happen. If only.
Aha, now we have even more excitement girls! Gilly trotted along with a lovely card using snippets and leftovers from die cutting a swirl - I've seen Sarn use these with a duster brush as a template - and Gilly used hers as an element on the card which you can see here. Isn't it super - I just love the end result. Then, if you scroll down Gilly's posting - finally, her wedding invitations for us to see! Aren't they great?! So elegant - love them Gilly! Things are getting a bit out of hand, we now have a skip arriving in the playground for you all to dump your tiniest snippets in 'cos we have until 30th June to fill it so there's plenty of confetti for the big day:) I suspect that Gilly will be keeping the venue secret in case we all turn up with bulging pockets of snippets plus our trimmers to form a guard of honour outside!
Hello all! Long time no blog! My apologies. Not only have I been busy, but I really haven't felt much like blogging of late. Now that winter is settling in, though, I'll probably hop back on the blog train. Don't hold your breath though.
Free speech doesn't apply here, either. It was this creep's right to write and publish the book, but that doesn't mean that anyone has to sell it. Choosing to do so implies that either (1) you actively support pedophilia and would like to encourage others to try it, or (b) you don't give a shit and just want to make money. Or both.
How Mobile Phone Tracking Works?
These type of shots are great as the floor is the background, so you don't have to worry about flat or contrasty skies.
And it tries to be viscious
All in all, I don’t see this movie getting huge awards or being remembered 100 years from now. For the moment, I enjoyed myself. I wished there was more because Hot Tub Time Machine had a lot of potential that was missed out on. I do recommend this movie to a group of buddies looking for a good belly laugh when Iron Man 2 is sold out. This movie was a good stepping stone for modern time travel movies but I can’t wait till they do another one and learn from these mistakes. That one will be a winner.
The topics ran from favorite examples of classic radio drama (often referred to today as “old-time radio”) as well as audiobooks and more recent attempts at full-cast audio dramas, and finally the resurgence of the audio drama format thanks to the internet and podcasting. HG World was the hook, of course, and provided Jay with plenty of examples to illustrate various points as we fielded questions from our audience, which started with 1 member at the top of the hour before finally swelling to 12. Hey, what they lacked in numbers, they more than made up for with enthusiasm.
To Love a Witch by Debora Geary
1 attenuate
On July 1, 2009, District Judge Jorge Solis ruled that the government provided “ample evidence to establish the associations of CAIR…and with Hamas,” justifying the label.
BTW, in case you’re wondering where you’ve seen Mary McCormack before (like I did for nearly the entire first season of the series), it might have been in one of my very favorite movies, Deep Impact…
So what does Section 2 have to say about the above?
Its fleece was white as snow
Building on each moment of our agony, we drank from its murky well. Taking big, thirsty gulps, we saturated our bodies with sorrow and self pity. We thought of our youth and mourned its death, teetering on the edge of victimhood, ready to plunge in the protective harbor it offered. But the life carried on, and on the background of war we began to create our narrative of normalcy.
Sling on a Tight Tube Top: You work hard for that body, so show the world what God blessed you with! Ok, so you have not hit the gym in a few weeks – but who cares? You have a natural physique that others will certainly admire at the beach. Well, maybe you don’t work out and you still opted for the second helping of apple strudel ala mode after a delicious Taco Bell dinner…again. Wouldn’t you be more comfortable with less fabric constricting your junk as it hangs out at the beach? Go ahead, you’re sexy dammit. Wear that tube top with a fierce confidence usually reserved for those much younger and sexier than you. Oh, wait, did I say this already?
The defining point for civilisation is not that things always improve. That is the Liberal idea of progress and in opposition to the articles ethos of Cultural Conservatism. You only have compare new phone boxes with the quaint, old red square ones to see that, far from improving, our civilisation is declining and the hideously, ugly architecture mentioned is part of that.
Fellowship Hall 3&4
Salt for sprinkling on pretzels
Not only are there interruptions (a few more that I would have liked) but there are also digressions. We discover what led Hassan to become a storyteller and why his two brothers, the romantic, Mustafa, and the more practical, Ahmed, chose different occupations rather than following in their father’s footsteps. These are not simply examples of Hassan getting on a bit and allowing his mind to wander; everything is interconnected. “Perhaps only a single thread separates us from the truth,” he declares, “or perhaps an entire ream, but we will know for certain only when we look at the whole weave.” Ahmed was not there the night the couple decided to brave the square at night but Mustafa was (although he is unable to tell his version of what went on that night because he is in prison) and so Hassan has to stand in for him. See what I mean: stories within stories within stories. The problem is Mustafa’s own version of what went on that night is not entirely reliable because of certain assumptions he has made.
The environment for our type of success was highly favorable. Technology flourished on a bed of homespun operations. Individuas who would not have had voice before found speech through websites, blogs, podcasts, and the like. We were able to live out our destinies as individuals, just as we had expected to.
It will be socially destabilized as race-based, ethnic politics comes to define Canadian society and the Canadian political scene even more so.
“Is she a cat lover?”
Some final shots…
Tighter control from Berlin will not work for the likes of France, Spain and Italy. I doubt very much if it would be acceptable to the Irish either. Further, tighter control will only produce smarter ClubMed ways of avoiding the rules. The Latin culture prefers to evade laws it doesn’t like – especially if they emanate from people with a history of invading them.
OK... so I really wanted to document this whole process with photos, but there were a couple factors involved in my failure to do that. 1) I was a nervous WRECK because I was, with the help of some friends and the cooperation of the entire cross-country/distance track team, planning and trying desperately to pull off a surprise party for Anders, so I was really busy, and 2) I'm out of practice so I just... forgot. See, I finally found this amazing recipe for a classic vanilla, yellow cake, which I used, and I wanted so badly to share it with everyone. And I will! My birthday is two weeks from tomorrow, and I'm planning on making cupcakes with this recipe for my classes (because I'm 22 going on 7 apparently), so I will post it then! I promise!
When E first reacted, I instinctively gave Benadryl and called his pediatrician, who told me to take him to the hospital. If, God forbid, he ever has another reaction, I will give the Benadryl and EpiPen and then call an ambulance, rather than taking him to the hospital myself. Even though I was very familiar with food allergies, I had no clue about how serious they could be. Now I know. Educating more people about them can mean fewer little lives lost to them.
Our God, our God, we bow to Thee,
So here I am drinking this very Berri flavored creamy substance that reminds me of what women go through with a man during foreplay, I am just thankful this is a one time experience, to do that to please someone would have to come up with a chocolate flavored cream to handle my gag reflex.
I was successful in my baking and cooking endeavors last Friday (for the most part – slacked, as usual with the last of the clean up). Thankful for the prep work I did the day before because good gawd cooking from scratch and eating less processed food can and does mean a lot more work for someone (me). You really need to be dedicated and buy into the philosophy of whole foods, clean eating, etc. If you don’t you won’t be able to sustain the practice.
Cook your bacon until its half done. You can fry, broil, bake or microwave it. Drain and set aside.
Early attempts at film in the 20s and early 30s revealed Allen’s limitations as a performer, but in radio, his verbal acuity found its perfect medium. Along with Jack Benny (with whom he created broadcasting’s first running “feud”) Allen became radio’s top comedian. His radio career spanned 17 years, with The Linit Bath Club Revue (1932), Town Hall Tonight (1934), and finally The Fred Allen Show (1939-40), as popular for its cast of regulars as it was for Allen himself. Among the most popular denizen’s of Allen’s Alley, were Titus Moody (a stereotyped Yankee) and Senator Claghorn (on whom Mel Blanc modeled Foghorn Leghorn). The most astounding fact about Allen’s long-running series is that he wrote nearly every episode by himself – a feat surely unequaled in broadcasting history. Then, in 1949 the inevitable happened. The Fred Allen Show was famously clobbered in the ratings by a game show called Stop the Music. The disparity of the two shows, and the way Allen’s program was abruptly dropped is often used as a benchmark in the descent of American culture, a way station on the way to the sewer, as Gilligan’s Island, Jerry Springer and Jackass, each – for some – later marked low points.
Line the bottom of a 9 inch springform pan with tin foil (this makes it really easy to transfer to a serving platter).
I am soo excited! We have been having some big changes around our home. On Friday my daddy, brother and myself went to go serve at a local children's center. My dad's work does something like this once a year for all of there employees so this was the first year we got to go. We had so much fun working with the little kids and helping them work in the garden planting the plants. It was great! We worked hard and together got everything done.
So there you have it, Methods 3, 4 and 5. Some additional ways to get referrals to work with in the Trial Offers business. The next and last post of this series will look at NIS and why I have chosen to work using that forum.
Under the federal regulations governing spirits, whiskey must be made from "grain." Now, it's not totally clear what "grain" means under the law (more on that tomorrow), but I sure as hell know what it doesn't mean: potatoes.
29As Jesus and his disciples were leaving Jericho, a large crowd followed him. 30Two blind men were sitting by the roadside, and when they heard that Jesus was going by, they shouted, “Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!” 31The crowd rebuked them and told them to be quiet, but they shouted all the louder, “Lord, Son of David, have mercy on us!” 32Jesus stopped and called them. “What do you want me to do for you?” he asked. 33“Lord,” they answered, “we want our sight.” 34Jesus had compassion on them and touched their eyes. Immediately they received their sight and followed him.
I actually made two cards I loved this layout so much! The other card said "If Friends Were Flowers.... I'd pick you on the front." and "Thanks for being my friend" on the inside. If you own any flower stamp sets, this set, Say it with Flowers is a MUST HAVE. The flowers on the front are from the stamp set Fabulous Florals, which also, in my opinion, is another must have. It matches the sentiment set so nicely.... right? :)
another dream i am hoping to make a reality is to attend haystack this year. it's a world renowned two weeksummer arts intensive workshop on the coast of maine, living and working there - i've wanted to go for years. it's a lot to juggle with my family's schedule, but i am really ready to push myself, learn some new skills and immerse myself in work with no distractions. it's exciting to imagine how that's going to feel.
~A neutral color palette with strong black accents and subtle pops of color
-Spritz Cookies
attention is focused on the heir to the vampire throne. World leaders, the rich and famous, and VIPs from every corner of the globe have gathered in the nation’s capital to celebrate the momentous event.
This is Kaylee Nicole of Wild Flower. Since the lovely miss Charity is out on vacation, I'll be posting today! The outfit I chose was partly inspired by New Year's Eve night in London. Although I am from the states I am always pulling inspiration from other countries. England is a popular favorite for myself, fashion bloggers from there always have the best style! Anyways, hope you enjoy!
This room, though -- we're hoping it'll have plenty of use in a year or so, if we're lucky.
You were all charm, cad. You–ever so gently–stirred a little threat in with your honey, even in your parting words. If your tone hadn’t been so sweet, your parting words about “try to get good rewards with your debit card” would have sounded oh-so bitter.
“‘I was just looking at the improvements you’ve made here,’ Mr.Vaux volunteered in explanation, and after a word or two more walked to the shore. Some persons saw him walking back. This was the last seen of him alive. The family suspected that he had taken a car for the city, and had been overcome on the road and possibly taken to some hospital. They were much worried and when he did not return yesterday afternoon they notified the police of Bath Beach. A general alarm was then sent out.”
On a Sunday. (I know, right? What the....?)
Choose a suitable lip colour depending on occasion. For casual outing, choose a lighter shade to get a natural look. If attending dinner function, a darker shade or bright red lip colour will stand you out. Use either a lip stick, lip gloss or you may choose to use both. A lip gloss will give a nice and healthy shine to the lip.
The photo is of my sweet grand daughter Adalyn! she is almost 2 but she OWNS her grandpa's heart!! When he asks her for a kiss, she puckers up and and it's just the cutest thing! Ok ...enough bragging!
If you have access to iPads/iPods for student learning, the resources below are very valuable:
I just love the camera! The controls are very intuitive, it has a large aperture, and so far at least it seems to take great pictures. I took these as the sun was setting behind the Tyson building but was still lighting the trees and the top storey of our apartments. Tough lighting conditions, but I thought they came out decent:
Hope you’ve all enjoyed our little visit to Galveston. Some of the pictures have some hazy spots on the right hand side. It is not a ghost. I think there was a bit of salt on the lens from the dolphin tour. :)
On a related note, Brandi and I went to see Andrew Stanton's John Carter last night. Saw it in 3-D because it was the most convenient showing, time-wise. Overall, I was pleased with it and look forward to watching it again on Blu-ray when it comes out. The effects were extremely good (I had no problem believing that the CGI Tharks were actual, living characters), and Taylor Kitsch was better than I expected as Carter.
Comedy double act Tommy Cannon and Bobby Ball originally met in the early 1960s in Oldham, Lancashire. Apparently they began working the northern club circuit as singers (not that you'd know that from listening to this drivel), switching to comedy after being told that comics earned more money.
Afterall, that's really what Christmas is all about. Jesus coming to earth, in the midst of chaos and mayhem, to bring true JOY.
Just a quick heads up that we are again putting on a beer and food matching evening, with a little twist this time. Each of the beers will be from the newly established Brecon Brewing, and each of the dishes will involve cooking with beer (or cider in one example). The scary bit is I'll be cooking instead of taking part this time!
- Up-to-the-minute regulatory updates
Oh, how I would love to steal that handle for my own house!
This piece took me a bit longer to finish than planned (I had originally wanted to enter it in the Celebrate Colour competition), but I followed my own advice and completed it in my own time, enjoying every stitch.
I just love this house and the barn. The crows and fence were just the perfect touch.
Kritical Audio - Spring Break
Police confirmed that a 29-year-old man “suffered a fractured cheekbone and nose… as well as burns from a lit cigarette” during a robbery by six youths on a train in southern Sydney on Monday.
You might be both taken a new partner in life but if you can’t forget your ex it’s always worth a try to entertain the idea of reuniting once again. It will be cheating your new partner if you still have emotion for your ex. Reevaluate and have some reflective moment, Analyze what you wanted. After all some relationship deserve a second chance like what the quote said “Love is sweeter the second time around,”
Guinsoo: Hey, he spoke!
I played 3 sports growing up and some of the best times of my life were spent w/ my team, competing, and building relationships ... It taught me a lot about how to get along w/ different types of people, how hard work can build character, and how to push through in some tough situations ...
Graphic novels? Check. AMC show? Check. Telltale Games? Check. Facebook game? Ehhh…
YR02
The album—which was greeted with less enthusiasm as far as album sales go than their previous records, but which has come to be considered the group's masterpiece, as well as one of the greatest albums of all time—still holds up quite handsomely even today. But that certainly wasn't the end of The Beach Boys. Even through the difficult times that followed—with Brian Wilson's ambitious Smile project, among other factors, causing rifts among band members—the group still put out albums, even if they lacked the same pathbreaking frisson of Pet Sounds.
“He irritates the fuck out of me. He’s got carried away with his own scepticism about the internet and it’s become a self-fulfilling prophesy.” Another blogger, on the subject of yours truly.
Ann Pearlman
The DA stands firmly opposed to both these ideas. Withholding comment has implications for neither of these two sentiments. It is perfectly possible to hold a critical opinion of and to protest against the conduct of a journalist and to stand opposed to those two developments.
An interesting, but disturbing, phenomenon I picked up while reading the news reports, was the role played by the excessive use of alcohol in several murder cases. It also appears to be the main cause of road fatalities in the country. Although I myself enjoy a glass of good red wine on occasion, or a cold beer when I’m hot and thirsty, they don’t call this stuff “SPIRITS” for nothing!
-Blog
First Place: 3 free patterns of your choice, and a fat quarter of 6 prints of my Eden fabric line.
After also adding enormous slugs of olive oil and mixing thoroughly, I then spread the stuffing onto the pork pieces which I had previously bashed with a rolling pin to flatten slightly. I trussed each piece in a somewhat haphazard fashion to stop them falling apart in the cooking process and drenched with more oil before placing in a warmed oven at gas mark 4 for just over an hour, basting every so often with the meat juices.
Does that mean I can make wrong choices?
Wow What a Year!
That induces this rough text
The other reason I mention this is that there's a super cool documentary about these boys and their world called American Artifact, the Rise of American Rock Poster Art, where you can see clips and interviews and stories with these artists. There's going to be two screenings and Q&As at the Roxie Theatre at the end of the month, so if you find this interesting, you should go.
So for my color theory class we were asked to do a three dimensional color wheel. So I set to work on creating a dragon. I created a dragon out of one sheet of paper and painted all of the primaries, tints, tones, shades and so on. It was a pretty intense project.
And that payment, that extravagant gift, leaves us with a glaring decision. We need to decide what to do with that extravagant gift. I’m sure when I received that 3 foot tall Go Go doll that I didn’t ignore it and I certainly didn’t ask to return it. I’m sure my eyes were wide and that I accepted that gift. I used that gift as it was intended.
When I left the Financial Times book desk, knowing of my passion, my colleagues gave me a sizable gift voucher for Penhaligons. This turned out to be no easy choice: were they aware just how many perfumes Penhaligons put out? After several visits and fistfuls of smelling strips, the choice narrowed to three: Violetta, approved by the Guide (but I already had two violet perfumes); Amaranthine by Bertrand Duchaufour (similar, to my mind, to his Traversee du Bosphore for L'Artisan Parfumeur, and anyway, I preferred TdB's drydown) and his new fragrance Sartorial.
Doesn't he look like a totally different kid?? He is right. They will grow back (which apparently is a good thing because some of the women at church just about went into shock when they saw him yesterday).
“What’s going on with Google Product Search (GPS)?” is a question I’ve received a lot lately. GPS was a smoking hot channel for most of the last 18 months. But traffic and sales comps since about March 2011 have been down, in some cases substantially. Well, several things are going on, but I think a major one is that Google is starting to more aggressively monetize GPS by shifting traffic away from Google Shopping results and toward its revenue generating programs – Adwords (paid search ads) and Product Listing Ads (PLA). This is a hypothesis of mine, and I have no inside or other information from Google confirming or denying this. Below I share why I think this is happening and some of the implications for retailers.
Rest mij niets dan jullie te bedanken voor jullie bezoeken; een fijne zondag nog en zie jullie gauw weer terug!
14. Catrice Poison Me Poison You (2)
Across the three districts of Jharkhand—Ranchi, Hazaribagh and Ramgarh—where the pilots are being conducted to test the ease and efficacy of the UID platform for disbursing wages and other welfare payments directly to the beneficiaries, the story repeats itself with minor variations. The attempt by UIDAI, headed by software entrepreneur Nandan Nilekani, is to prove the practical application of its project which has run into criticism on account of its huge costs (estimated at Rs 9,000 crore for collecting the biometrics of 600 million residents) and questions about its utility.
No springtailed tom in the red hot town
The moon was awesomely bright last night, so I headed out and got some photos of it behind the trees.
Over the past four months, I have lost 22 pounds. The first 15 dropped relatively quickly. The next five slower but not ridiculously so, and the last 2 well, they have taken what has seemed like an eternity, especially when compared to the first 15. But that really isn’t what I am addressing. I have lost almost 12% of my body weight from where I started. So it is noticeable. And up until last week all of the comments were supportive. And most continue to be so.
of my friends son.
See - I'm not the only one who thinks the whole FOREVER YEAR ROUND CHRISTMAS thing has gotten a bit out of hand. These girls were probably still swapping Fun Size Snickers for Butterfingers on their living room floor when their mom came dragging an offensively premature sapling across their trading grounds.
Happy First Anniversary to my blog!
- Solutions that are aligned to their needs
and like a climbing,
Made in Brazil: Ru-Mix: You Don’t Want to Dance with Me. This podcast is a couple weeks old, but I finally got to listen to it this past weekend. It’s bangin’. DJ Ru-Bot describes it thus, ‘Yes, that summer faux-mance is over, ever unconsummated, and the only way to cope is to bring that heartbreak right where it belongs: the dancefloor!’ I def felt summer summer nostalgia while listening to it. Winter is around the corner–le sigh.
"Focus on the Family is dedicated to defending the honor, dignity and value of the two sexes as created in God's image – intentionally male and female – each bringing unique and complementary qualities to sexuality and relationships."
I head north along a wide sandy logging road in a shallow valley, then turn off to the west upslope along a path carpeted with needles and cones shed from the surrounding dense pine trees. As the terrain levels out, the trees become more widely spaced, piles of brash revealing that thinning has taken place not so long ago. Such even-aged monocultures of Scots pine are generally frowned upon for their limited nature conservation value, but here, aesthetically at least, I find there is something majestic about the solid trunks rising vertically from a sea of golden bracken, silvery-grey at the base gradually melding into orange and surmounted by a topknot of blue-green foliage.
1). THE COMPASSION OF JESUS. The word that is used for compassion in the New Testament is the Greek word splagchna, It is the word used to describe the deep innermost part of a person; the heart, the lungs, the liver, and the intestines. These were thought by the Greeks to be the seat of the emotions. The word stands for the emotion that moves a person from the very depths of his or her being.
High on the rush of my own success in not crying or passing out while having blood drawn, I headed downstairs to the maternal fetal medicine center to sign in for my nonstress test. The Deuce and I were going to ROCK this! They called me back ahead of schedule, but David showed up just in time.
I was glued to the show for the entire week. No napping. No work. Just watching. Dan Patrick’s coverage of the child sexual abuse scandal at Penn State was phenomenal. No other show or network, covering sports or headline news, gave it comparable reporting. Dan Patrick’s handling of the topic was intelligent, factual, sensitive to the victims, heavy handed on the alleged perpetrator and conspirators of cover-up, and gave voice to victims of child sexual abuse. In essence, he put down his sports reporting notepad and pencil and picked up a poster printed with bold lettering, “CHILD SEXUAL ABUSE IS WRONG.”
This song bears a beautiful testimony of the real events of the Savior’s resurrection. It tells how the Savior spoke to Mary in the garden and to others. These became witnesses to the reality of his resurrection as they watched him eat and felt the physical wounds in his body. The final phrase testifies that because Jesus lives again, we will also be resurrected.
Then we went downtown and checked in to say hello to their cousin, Kaetlyn at the bookstore and then it was to the Science Centre. This is the second time taking both of them there and the third time for Sloan and they love it. The theme right now is 'in space' and there are lots of space toys and costumes and even a space station tent thingy. We were there for more than 2 hours.
There were 65 different spices used in it's making.
This place is just too freaking pretty to be Arkansas. It looks like it was ripped right up out of the country between Eugene and Florence, OR and put here whole, with some more pine trees tossed in, and lots less hippies. Winding roads? It's a motorcyclist's wet dream. NOTHING but twising, winding roads, many with massive mountain-sides on one edge and calamttous drops on the other. Oh, and often they've got DOT warning signs that say "Warning: Crooked And Steep Roads Next 10 Miles." Yeah, I'm wishing I could have forked over the cash to have trailered Sally up here. Maybe next time.
Not just any ads. If you look at the numbers posted by the Observer, you'll find some telling statistics of what's bringing in the dough. Let's see, there are 26 ads for restaurants, two for fashion/accessories, one for home furnishings/home improvement. No, I don't think those are what's paying the bills. A bit farther down the page is a category called adult entertainment, which has 13,773 ads. Hmmm, there might be a clue there.He then quotes some racy, suggestive captions, joking that he didn't click on them for fear of alerting Belo Corp. human resources staff, but concludes that:
Every dog has its day, so they say, and it looks like Gnosticism, an ancient approach to spiritual experience, may be having its day, once again. Of course, despite the best efforts of the early Catholic Church, Gnosticism never really disappeared, but its reappearance over the centuries has been fleeting and sporadic. Why, as we march into a new millennium, is this hidden stream of quasi-Christian mysticism triggering a fresh interest among both spiritual seekers and readers of popular novels?
Steadily we worked through the length of the valley, going from house to house, visiting the lesser and the greater gentry - the farmers, the doctors, the merchants, the majors, and other exalted persons. It was freezing hard and blowing too; yet not for a moment did we feel the cold. The snow blew into our faces, into our eyes and mouths, soaked through our puttees, got into our boots, and dripped from our woollen caps. But we did not care. The collecting-box grew heavier, and the list of names in the book longer and more extravagant, each trying to outdo the other.
Then what are we?
Help spread the word!
&nbsp&nbspTrain: Glasgow Queen Street to Haymarket
Perhaps they should spell out that Queen of Teen is there to promote contemporary books with girls as main characters, well-written books which often handle difficult subjects with a light or humourous touch. That QoT recognises a bias against girls' fiction in the world of children's literature, and wants to reassure girls that the authors that they enjoy are more substantial and important than adults sometimes realise or recognise.
Waking up at 7:00am on a Sunday morning just doesn’t seem right. It’s probably that I don’t want to miss anything. Or that I’m missing something. Two cups of Civet coffee later (yes, I’m still drinking that cat poop coffee), I’m a little wired, pondering the day and reflecting on the week that flew by.
*You hate the carseat and cry almost EVERYTIME the car comes to a stop.
he completely stripped the property to the point of, removing toilets,
*Do they talk about mediumship in a dramatic or weird way
I could hear our old drake screech past the trees but I didn’t care, I didn’t so much as move when I heard the wheels of our carriage start to turn and eventually fade away I make my way out to the clearing to watch the Son land.
Another key reason we haven’t intervened directly is that laws designed to prevent birds being targeted by egg collectors, thieves and people wanting to otherwise harm them mean that if we were to access the nest to remove the chicks we would almost certainly be committing a criminal offence under the terms of the Wildlife & Countryside Act.
I did tell hubby that starting Monday, we are going to sit on the floor and stretch. He is going to get some elasticity to those muscles so that falling issue won't happen as much. I also told him that he needs to use his cane and walker when he needs it instead of being a hard head.
“Coming of Age” was originally part of the third story in the “Chloe trilogy”. I’d like to publish the others, so here I’ll be vague about the content. For the first part, a friend’s comment prompted a story about Chloe’s punishment caning. It’s still one of my favorite masturbation fantasies. I presented the story to my friend as a gift and planned to end things there, but when she mentioned an upcoming shopping trip, my muse poked me again.
The protection of non-striking staff and innocent civilians would be paramount, he said.
Consequently, we learned this weekend that her former reality show, Sarah Palin’s Alaska” may return for a second season following its hiatus during the Queen of Quit’s flirtation with a presidential run last season. This second season would presumably feature more staged vignettes of Sarah and family fishing, hunting, bickering and drilling for oil. It has been rumored that the re-emergence of this particular show followed Palin’s failed attempt to create a spin-off series featuring husband Todd the “First Dude” on the professional snow-machine circuit. Apparently TLC could not be convinced that snowmobile racing is the next NASCAR. Of the renewed series however, a network source told the Hollywood Reporter, “I think it is safe to say her time has passed.”
Another neat thing about this film is how it combines religion and horror. It is quite an interesting idea and quite original. It couldn't have been done better.
And scared
Mary Teresa Caulfield, 58, New York, N.Y.
Mile 1 8:43
In a portrait, for me, they are either in or out, no half measures!
Whether you believe it or not, history has shown that every so-called great society and culture has imploded due to its violence, greed and corruption. With this in mind, I believe America is heading for great disaster based on the actions and inactions of its people.
We love our sweet, sweet boy who is also very creative, very much a silent leader, and is just very, very cool.
Which would have been fine except that I was actually asking a different question than the one I was forming with my words.
3. Men think women should act like this, and wonder why their wives don’t. This then causes marital unrest and there is nothing the wife can do to change it…except turn off the TV.(Which really is a good idea anyway.)
We have been vindicated. As IUSB Vision Editor I also feel vindicated as I spent countless hours of research and sleepless nights to bring you such an accurate analysis early on in the collapse. We are pleased that our analysis has stood the test of time and is still considered one of the best abridged online sources of this crisis available on the internet.
I make all my own household cleaners using lemon, baking soda, water and vinegar and have been using Dr. Bronner's castile soaps too. I am working on an effective dishwasher detergent.
My dad encouraged me to read a lot of classic children's literature when I was young, so I loved Stevenson, Kipling, Rice Burroughs and Blyton. I think that their books still stand up today, and my kids love The Famous Five as much as I did at their age (the language seems a bit clonky at times, but the stories hold up fabulously well). Children's books are more sophisticated today, but I believe that great adventure stories like Treasure Island or the Tarzan books can still hold a modern reader's attention.
4. Kiki Lowenstein and the Purple Passion: A Kiki Lowenstein Short Story by Joanna Campbell Slan - When a customer’s daughter is falsely accused, Kiki Lowenstein foils a nasty plan to ruin the girl’s reputation.
“I don’t love mentals.”
He says the Iranian people couldn't be more different from their bellicose leader, President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who is known for muttering murderous threats towards Israel and threatening to wipe the Jewish state off the map.
Commission
Of those picked for the contest:
He says, “I shave everything.”
Guy/Gal #1: Eats it up. Their self-worth and ego suddenly implodes to the size of the Atlantic Ocean when other attractive members of the opposite sex are around and are openly flirting with them in front of their partners. Their self-worth solely depends on OTHERS APPROVAL and not their partners. They are not secure in their committed relationships and obviously feel a lacking somewhere within. They believe b/c of that LACK that at any given time their partner will leave or lose interest. As a result, they use others outside of the relationship as a way to fill or “correct” what they feel they are lacking and hope that this will seal some sort of idea in their partners mind that they are super desirable with a boatload of options.
One alternative to chaining is to keep dogs inside fences, Hardy said.
there is a cure against the evil darkness.
The second reason it is unfortunate the show failed to mention the fact that Chloe is male is that this is yet another instance where outrageous male behavior is being reported as female behavior. As I said before, when a “woman” was reported to be living her life as an “adult baby”, messing herself and selling porn about it (and “she” turned out to be a dude): when you hear about a female doing something really wack, or read about it in a newspaper or on a website, and it just “doesn’t sound right” to you: It’s probably a male transgender.
I've been trying to understand a suicide for nearly 25 years.
advertising content. Every fifth page view in a Digital Publishing Suite magazine app is an advertisement. Interactivity, which includes Web other overlays can also have a profound impact on a reader’s digital content consumption and engagement, with readers interacting with nearly half (48 percent) of all interactive features in Digital Publishing Suite apps. Out of the variety of interactive overlays included in applications, Web views and videos are the two types most frequently
First spot to go was on my hip. Didn’t feel a thing. I got an enormous bandage that sort of looked like perhaps a rabid animal had bitten me. Maybe even a shark. I was an enormous baby by the end of the first day. But, the following day it was fine. I removed the giant bandage and replaced it with a little teeny one. I skipped the gym for a few days, haven’t been swimming in 2 weeks and have been going through hydrogen peroxide like it’s going out of style.
calligraphy major.
Article 11 For disputes arising due to the order of signatures on a piece of works, a people's court may dispose of them according to the following principals: if there is an agreement, determine the order of signatures according to such agreement; if there is no agreement, the people's court may determine the order of signatures according to one or more of such factors as the amount of work each author has contributed, the works' arrangement, the number of strokes of each author's family name, or other relevant factors.
About 45-minutes from where I live, a beautiful old juvenile rehabilitation center stands tall against the background of the rolling California foothills. Built in the 1880′s to usher in a new age of helping boys who have taken the wrong path to become upright members of society, Preston Castle – also known by its actual name, the Preston School of Industry – is an amazing specimen of roman revival architecture that you can’t help but want to see up close if given half the chance.
The group released their self-titled debut album in 1990.
Compile strong stocks from a myriad of industries if you’re poising your portfolio for long-range, maximum yields. Even though the entire market averages good growth, not at all industries are constantly and simultaneously in expansion. Having positions across various sectors can help you capitalize on growth of the booming industries and make your entire portfolio grow. By re-balancing your portfolio, you lessen your losses in smaller sectors while taking positions in them during their next growth cycle.
THE LAUNCH SHOW DETAILS
Well, within the next two days the ABC hit returns and if the trailers and preview clips are anything to go by, it's gonna be a blast to watch as well. I was going to review the From The Beginning special that ABC aired last week to bring new viewers up to speed on Revenge but apart from Emily Van Camp narrating in character, I decided not to instead.
It should be noted that there are a SHIT TON of stores on Rue de Passy, in the 16th arrondissement. Naturally, I didn't do them all. (Pffffff). I just did the ones that I, and most people I know, are likely to frequent:
Tony and I are sitting in first class seats on USAirways somewhere over the Pacific Ocean! We are heading to Hawaii for 11 nights. Wish it were longer but still happy. Well be splitting our time between Oahu and Maui. Having grown up on Oahu, I always want to go home. This will be my first time to Maui.
“Plain,” Mike chuckled back at him, “I’m pretty sure the kid likes plain cheese, maybe extra cheese.”
We did however have a hiccup when it came to my gift. Given that she's a mad Harry Potter fan, I bought two flights from Adelaide to Sydney to see the world wide tour of the Harry Potter exhibition. I also reserved accommodation in the heart of Sydney - the Darling Harbour. I thought it was a freakin' brilliant present and told her so about a month early.
I have a photograph of her, at age, looking at a photo of herself when she was young and beautiful. It hits my heart every time I see it. It is a reminder of what time does to us all and what it did to her, in particular. She was not happy during her last years and I, personally, suffered greatly for it. But I prefer to remember her when she was young and laughing.
She would raise the chest whenever she was gifted with something, her eyes glancing at the interior wood of her Hope Chest. The inside of the chest, more then likely not finished, and complimenting that would be the scents that were also stored in this porous chest of hopeful happiness. The smell of the past from the lotion covered hands of your Great Grandma that were embedded into the fibers of the quilt that she hand made for you. These scents, mixed with what you and I may recognize today as carpeting in a hamster's cage, helped add to your dreams of happily ever after.
Tickets are booked. We leave in 10 days. As we prepare to be gone for a few weeks, reality is setting in. Two little ones will soon be home! Looking back over the last few months, I am so thankful for all of you. You are a special group of people who have lifted up our family one way or another. We are very appreciative.
5. Handling barriers and roadblocks: RB – “My interest in life comes from setting myself huge, apparently unachievable, challenges and trying to rise above them”
Existence has its roots in non-intelligent bliss of the macrocosm
I hadn't realized that raising the curtain between you and the show was the last thing they do...so not only was I was naked from the waist down in a room full of people, it really FELT like it. At least if the curtain had been there, I could have been in denial. Chris took pictures and I'm going to link to one of them, but warning it WOULD be graphic if my giant belly wasn't in the way. Actually, screw it, I'll just post it. It's that funny to me that I'll risk offending the majority of the reading public.
So.....I am sneaking to my craft room so I can post this before the day is over! hehehe! Don't tell my hubby! I'm supposed to be helping sort through things in the basement to pack for our move, but this is day three of the "sort and pack adventure"! I'm so sick of looking at boxes!
Ken Livingstone spent tens of thousands of pounds of public money as London Mayor on first class air travel, luxury hotels, fine wines and even a £260 pair of shoes.
Journalists Willem van der Berg and Pieter Steyn of Volksblad newspaper reported that the “suspended” ANC youth league leader Julius Malema, now elected as a senior member of the influential Limpopo ANC's executive committee, and thus more powerful than ever before, has launched into one of his by now world-infamous rampages against “white owned” mining houses and repeated his demands that all “white-owned” land must be confiscated.
My most loyal advertising customer was Frank Goldsmith, who ran the camera shop downtown on the square. I was introduced by my grandfather, who used to have a ladder store nearby. They were about the same age and both named Frank. Mr. Goldsmith even looked a little like Grandpa; tall, lean, with sharp features and wispy white hair. His camera shop was pretty typical. Although he sold cameras, his business was mostly film and other supplies. I don’t recall anyone else working there except Mrs. Goldsmith, whose name I now know was Vickie. In the back, Mr. Goldsmith had a peculiar collection of home movie cameras and projectors. My grandfather had a home movie camera that he probably got from Mr. Goldsmith.
The second one, which, believe it or not, is a counterpart of my first choice. A bookend if you will… I removed my sharings from a forum I absolutely love. The duality of Light there did my further my own growth. I do not live my life in contradiction from itself. If I did, at the end of the day… I would go no further within my own evolution.
I could so with a new improved energy saver model fridge also. I noticed lately that mine is going into defrost mode quite often and the ice maker is making funny noises on occasion. When I do get a new one it'll be larger so I can take the second (beer) box outta the office. Don't need it like I did 20 years ago when we moved here and used to keep plenty of beer on hand. :-)
That's right! They had the story about Jesus asking Peter to step out of the boat in the middle of the lake with him, didn't they?
As the case made its way into court, the judge looked over the paperwork...
But what that means is you’re really living on the edge that first season. You want to always be ahead, have a few scripts in the bank ready to go, but not too many because things could change. And you sure don’t want to go week-to-week with writing new scripts because then you wind up in a cardiac ward or the Unibomber’s shed.
White belt: Forever 21
Number of trojans, worms, viruses, and other types of malicious code identified by Internet security company Symantec in a recent report. A total of 5,060,187 bot-infected computers, which can be remotely controlled to send out spam, were running in late 2007. The Sophos Internet security firm discovered a new infected Web page every 4.5 seconds, on average.
I’ve come to the conclusion that sharing is connecting. And disconnecting is depression. And that’s why I have this blog.
Since we’re here forevermore.
I’ve had futures so many times, so many plans. Is this my addiction? Striving for any faint crumble of solid mass to hold onto in this feeble life we all have? Every time I try to get anywhere, I always get behind the point where I started. I know it can’t just be me that’s this fucking “cursed”, but fuck. It gets old after the third time. Well Mr. Madman, you’re on try number seven.
I try to get them to talk about their lives and their world - instead of just repeating the lines about shoppes, prices and places in their textbooks. The last 2 assignments I gave: write a story about yourself and your day.
to do just one more thing,
I’m trying to herd the cats for the Bridger Wilderness. I think – think – we’ll end up with about 5 or 6. Obviously Ellen, you guys are out for the foreseeable future, but Reid, if you haven’t used up all your time, you and Liz are welcome to come out West. That would be a gas. July 23-27. Its country you know pretty well.
Closing date and time: Monday 19th March 2012, 5pm.
1 assault
And there, right there, I think I fulfilled another one of the requirements:
The Jews again picked up rocks to stone him.
“The healthcare bill being passed costs the middleman more money. I have 5 kids and my job doesn’t offer insurance. I can’t afford it.” -Lordsburg, NM—Pilot Truck Stop
Fitter Sh*tter man
When adjudicating a civil dispute over a copyright-infringing conduct that has already been disposed of by a competent copyright administrative authorities, a people's court shall carry out an investigation into the facts of the reported case in all respects.
Who come and go,
6. vibrant: If your shirt is vibrant, it has bright or bold colors.
1 carefully
***TODAY’S SPECIAL***
Then I remembered the caramel marscapone frosting I made for the Pierre Hermes Apricot Lime Financier Cake. That was not too sweet, had a little burnt sugar taste and would go well with toasted walnuts. As I was making it the thought of dates went through my head, their sweetness, the deep subtle flavor they would add, why not?
FMF’s support semi will be on hand at certain events to provide trackside support for all of its athletes and to showcase the leading exhaust systems in the world. In addition to exhausts, the new casual line of FMF/Joe Gibbs Racing apparel will be available for purchase, which JGRMX rider Davi Millsaps can be seen wearing between motos in the paddock.
1/2 tsp sea salt
"We are starting to get along and learning to respect each other." Annika answers, "Although there are some times when.....anyway, fortunately, Seven doesn't care much for the heat, so is not going to make an appearance while we are in the sauna."
“I was struggling with the fact that so many black people have lost their farmland, and here I was faced with having to help a white person save their land. So I didn’t give him the full force of what I could do. I did enough.”
Disclosure of Material Connection: I received this book free from NavPress Publishers as part of their Blogger Review Program. I was not required to write a positive review. The opinions I have expressed are my own. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission’s 16 CFR, Part 255: “Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.
I would argue that Mr Glasman knows considerably more about the peoples which he affiliates himself with; this analysis wholly disregards the inconvenient tribal rather than class-based conflict from which true English hero Alfred the Great emerged as a beacon of English nationhood.
The milk stout (5.2% ABV), Ben says, was Turtle Stone's first batch as a licensed brewery and comes from his recipe file built up from over a decade of homebrewing. It was done in a smaller batch because he was still getting a feel for the pilot system. He plans to take a couple of sixtels of the milk stout to the AC beer fest, but more of the two other brews.
I want money to be a positive thing in my life, not just one more frustration.
Cholesterol - 256
It wasn’t the best of days. I found myself a little more fragile and high-strung than I had set out to be. It seemed like everywhere I went today there was a new baby unwittingly flaunted in front of me. The disgruntled newborn in Target this evening nearly sent me over the edge. It was that distinct cry of an infant… only days, maybe weeks old. The tears involuntarily welled up in my eyes as I quickened my pace away from the sound and frantically tried to remember what I had even come there for. The new layout of the store wasn’t making things any easier on me as I accidentally wound up in a maze of bottles and receiving blankets… cute little pink booties and baby rattles sneered at me. Is this how it’s going to be? Am I just a time bomb ready to detonate at any given second?
Yellow split moong dal - 1 cup
Sure, I will freely admit that I think it's good for our national consciousness to have this terrorist eliminated. We've been dragging around this heavy weight for the last ten years; pushing the search for Bin Laden to the back of our minds, and trying the forget that he was the reason we removed the Taliban, bombed and killed hundreds, if not thousands, of civilians in Afghanistan, and somehow tried to legitimize our attack and occupation of Iraq because of either the ties to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda, or because we were worried that Saddam Hussein was going to become another terrorist (I could never exactly figure out their excuse - I don't think I'm alone on this one). Now, at last, the dark cloud has parted, and we can finally say - as a country - that we killed the man responsible for the attacks on the World Trade Center. It is sort of a national catharsis that I think we're in desperate need of, and I think it actually might have an amazing effect on our economy, the salty political discourse, as well as our foreign policy.
She's also had a few streets and a number of other government institutions like summer camps named in her honor, and there have been a number of books, television and radio programs in the PA controlled media about her 'heroic martyrdom.' She's regarded by Palestinian Arabs as a role model.
half teaspoon of baking powder,
Use this 5 steps daily in your business or career and others may one day come pay to hear you SPEAK.
Kanin - Orlando Bloom – Actor (Pirates of the Caribbean)
Where do you go - TO ROCK AND ROLL (Kenny Loggins)
The young man than kneels down, and takes the stolen gold from the fallen Knight.
Pepe, who played a blinder, brought down Gomez inside the box and Robin beat Ike Cassillas to level the aggregate 3-3 in the 26th minute. Madrid started piling up pressure and creating more chances with Benzema and Ronaldo.
A new company is hoping to launch in the near future that will deliver tacos fresh to your home or workplace by drone helicopter! The start-up is planned for the Silicon Valley area where people will be more likely welcome our new robot overlords. The idea is this: You place your order from your smartphone, the computer at Tacocopter logs in your co-ordinates, lunch is loaded on a drone much like the one pictured above, and in no time at all, lunch from above!
Roundly ignored upon release (the album was un-issued in the U.S.), the failure of “Gypsy Blood” signaled the coming musical backslide—Spandau Ballet were just around the corner—that the English record buying public willingly accepted. 30 years later, it still stands alone, reflective of a time when music took chances and changed lives.
2 Thessalonians 2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day (of Jesus’ coming) shall not come, except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of perdition (the antichrist “beast” of Revelation 13).
Regarding the sketch, please make a link to this post in stead of placing the sketch on your own blog. If someone wants to join us they can find the sketch here and get inspired by the cards of our DT members .... Thanks!
2 tablespoons whole milk
the world was in my room, my head;
You are the equipment – keep it simple. God’s plan is you and me. If it is not working just move on – the message of hope can bring a radical difference, let the message do its work.
It's not that I've had nothing to say, and it isn't that I haven't been bursting with the urge and intent to write...no, the problem has been at the bio-chemical level. The act of writing for me has usually been an act of capturing, harnessing and transcribing into words my mind's equivalent of fleeting musical notes -- all I've had to work with these days, however, is my mind's equivalent of a steady dial tone. O distant uncooperative muse...
dash nutmeg
It’s good thing Mother Nature stepped in the save NASCAR from another snores-ville race. Two out of five races this year have been sleepers for sure. The race at Fontana was going by so quickly, you could have napped and missed it!
These Vatican people don't paint a nice picture.
On Saturday, Zi, her fairy godmother Auntie Tracy and I drove to Yara River. Zi loved the cold water and was doubtlessly in her element. I just felt good. We stayed until she started to shiver and the tide began to rise, and then we drove home. Of course, to do this trip on Saturday required doing nothing on Friday, Sunday and Monday. Seriously, I think I expended whatever I had in me for the long weekend on just that one trip. I was so spent, I let all kinds of things slide, just handed the baby over to Lyndon to bathe and entertain, left the dishes for him to wash, heaped the unfolded clothes on a chair, didn’t make the bed, and relegated everything else to that place where unnoticed things go, even if I noticed them.
Carrie Ann told her her hard work is finally paying off – she sees the artistry. Len saw rotation, romance and control. Bruno said her extended lines were absolutely wonderful.
Ahh, there is a good fascist on the march if ever there was one. Congratulations. The out cry from the public? Drowned out by the buzz of mosquitoes.
(Baby Wolf coos.)
I pushed through the bushes after Sophie. Sophie??? The thought froze me solid in the middle of the bush; did I really think the large feline that had crawled through these bushes minutes ago was the same cat that had been mine as a child? The same Sophie who had slept curled on my bed every night until...I....left? Is that how I had come to be in this place? I started to move forward again, if I stopped to ponder these strange thoughts, I would lose track of Sophie.
And today, as I brainstormed with a student on how he could get new shoes (he's homeless and his are falling apart), he told me that what I do for my students is "inspiring."
Yesterday, it was our small groups turn to bring treats for our Women's Bible Study at church and I thought these pumpkin cookies would be perfect for the season. (This is one Drew's favorite cookies.)
Main Course. Woodlands and Forest! Pan Roasted Guinea Hen with hen of the wood, wild rice, pickled autumn berry and ramp bulb, and egg yolk and horseradish powder. It was all so good that I am running out of adjectives.
Much love ladies!
“You can?”
“Watch the choppers!” Pitcher shouted.
Hair becomes coarse and dry, breaking, brittle, falling out
My dearest baby bean,
I finally went to the Dr. last night and he said that I have an underlying breathing problem and that when I get sick it decides to become a Full Force breathing problem. That explains alot, so now I have pills to help me sleep, and inhaler and antibiotics to fight the bronchitis. Thank you Jesus! I believe that we are somehow blessed everyday and last night I sure was blessed. By having a friend of mine admit me to ER, to having a chance to smooth some rough spots with DH, to having Dr. BlueEyes (dreamy!) take great care of me and being patient, and caring and also take charge, we are going to fix this!
Burke also quotes the ‘counterterror strategists’ who have argued that the ‘radicalisation of young Muslim men may be ebbing’. Well, who would trust these people, at least here in the UK? These ‘experts’ needed a few bombs in their own backyards before they even had an inkling of the Islamist and terrorist threat. For years the experts and counter-terrorists thought that British Islamists were either a bunch of clowns or that they were too interested in foreign battles to cause much damage here at home. It is strange, then, that Burke has so much faith in people who nearly always got it wrong in the past about radical Islam. It seems that Burke’s three years or so of stability has given the experts yet another reason for thinking that all is well at home. Perhaps the experts pay too much attention to Guardian journalists like Burke rather than wondering the streets of Bradford or the Islamic Societies of so many British universities.
You see … Kelly wants to be a food writer. Professionally.
Alpha Instinct
I could hardly contain myself, but I didn't squeak a word of my good fortune!
He was young, and his expression was less like a man and more like an old beached ship-worn by waves and salt, yet refusing to just simply slip back out into the sea and disappear. He gave me a big smile and said “brotha, where ya goin t’day? I’m just headin’ over to ma sistahs and I run outta gas. You got some change?”
Chapter: Polite Society (1)
*Homebrewers: For mini-kegs I have an extra CO2 bottle and hoses, if you have the proper fittings.
Initially, I wasn't going to include Live in London in my coverage of the Judas Priest discography, because, frankly, I couldn't be bothered to track it down and add it to my collection after being underwhelmed by the very similar '98 Live Meltdown. But, thankfully I've got friends who are far more thorough and obsessive than I am over particular bands, and as it turns out, Live in London is actually a step better than its predecessor in terms of delivering a more memorable performance from the newer singer. Not so much that I would plunk my money down to find a copy, but enough that I could recommend it over Meltdown to anyone seeking out it's probably the definitive 'Ripper' Owens Priest experience without actually being there in person.
But not everywhere is suffering equally. We are noticing that where there is a very pleasant village-style environment – where people in their leisure time will wonder around with a coffee with their kids, popping in and out of shops, getting fantastic service, having a little chat with the staff who they know quite well – these places are prospering. This is the reality of shopping: if it’s not a pleasant experience, why would you go out and do it? You will just buy those things online.
Intrepid readers, you should be so proud. I pasted an enchanting smile on my face and said, "Thank you for your time." and walked away.
On a lighter note, this made me laugh:
Mr Mumbles is scary but not bloody and gory. In the blood and gore stakes, do you think less is more, that suggesting horror can be more frightening than going into intricate detail?
Min 19: “This should’ve been a travel blog.”
individual’s oration, echoing, echoing.
Annie and Snow were also captivating to watch. Snow made the classic villainous mistake of underestimating Annie’s intentions towards Eve’s welfare and it cost him his life. I guess this should now mean that the Old Ones are out of the equation but in this show’s effortless methods of adapting, I can’t wait to see what Mr Rook and his band of domestic staff are going to bring for the next series. It might be nice to have another main Big Bad that isn’t a supernatural threat.
Better late than never, right?? I'm writing this post at 10pm on Friday night so it is still Friday :)
It seems like nothing in this country ever goes as planned. God uses Haiti to grow and change people and sometimes the growing pains hurt.
Why aren’t people making a fuss about that use of the swastika in the context of lots of high-powered weapons being on display and for sale in the suburbs of Auckland? That’s scary dude; much scarier than some perceived slight to Rottweiler Rodney. He is thick of hide and skull and tough enough to take that kind of political jibe.
The U.S. government maintains a complex set of regulations that govern the export of goods – including technology, software, and technical data – to foreign countries and specified foreign entities and individuals.
In the meantime, I am excited to announce that I now have a shop, but it is not an unbakery. Instead, I found a simpler way to sell my shirts.
I've also finished the first book in a new mystery series for young adults, and I'm working on the second one right now. I'll finish at least the first two before I sell the series.
Perform International Code calculation (i.e: ASME) to verify the pressure parts material selection.
When I was first a vegetarian, I virtually lived on salads. I became bored with a diet of ordinary greens, so I experimented with every ingredient I could find, even bitter greens like chicory, radicchio, and endive. I grew to love them. To those bored with the ordinary and mediocre, I suggest they acquaint themselves with Harvey Osgood and sample a more exotic diet. Soon, you will learn to love him as I have, much as one learns to love bitter greens.
They had their troubles and most of us kids had our troubles with them too at some stage or another.
(2) Thus it is, that, in the prophetic language, great commotion’s and revolutions upon earth are often represented by commotion’s and changes in the heavens.
Next on the list: stripping.
Now I have never hired a business coach so my advice is of the "dumb looks are still free" variety
For me personally, the class was extra-special for two reasons. For one, I was a little surprised by the insights that flowed in during class. I had briefly studied everyone’s chart beforehand, yet still found new information flowing in as class went on. Most often, it was sparked by someone’s observation of their own chart. They would state something they noticed, or ask a specific question, and that directed my intuitive eye toward the insight. That is exactly what I hoped for in creating this class and I look forward to more of the same! I hope the insights were valuable to the people receiving them.
Look at the clothing worn by people who live in perpetually hot climates, such as the desert. The clothes tend to be natural, breathable fabrics cut to fit loosely. Not skin-tight and synthetic. The air flow achieved with loose fitting garments is going to increase evaporation, which increases cooling. These people have been living in, and successfully dealing with these hot climates for millennia. They’re not in it for a big house in Worthington Valley. They’re in it because it’s how they survive in a harsh climate.
The blog This and That has a whole page of Letter F activiites and crafts. I liked this "F is for Feather" craft that they did. I think that the tactile element of this craft would make it irrestible for most kids.
Memoir
Send a detailed description of your wedding location and design ideas. If you have any photos or a website/blog add that as well. The more you can provide the better. Also, send a photo or two of you and your fiance! If you are still narrowing down your location choices - send in your finalists with more details on your plans. Don't forget your names, date of wedding, and your contact information.
While magic can be used for both light and dark castings, like a sword it is in and of itself neither good nor evil. Boil the bark of a willow tree, and you have an ancient form of aspirin. Magic? According to modern religion, yes. Well, up until a few years ago the Catholic Church refused to believe that the earth isn't the center of the universe. I wonder how long it's going to take them to admit that women aren't supposed to be subservient to men? There are some religions in this world that will probably never understand that one.
Boulevard Brewing Co. Imperial Stout
The doors slide open and I push my trolley out into the pickup area. I can see through the glass doors to the smog-filtered sunlight beyond. The sunlight never quite looks that way anywhere else in the world. I love it. Before long I'm zipping along the freeway with whatever friend has collected me, the wheels whistling on the ruts in a way that never seems the same anywhere else. The palm trees, the freeway signs, the too-many cars in the too-many lanes....it's all here. It's always been here. I always imagine that it's glad I'm back. My LA.
If you accept nominations, I would like to nominate beers from the Summit Brewing Co. of Minneapolis.The Chairman of the Board is as Catholic, and as Pro-Life going back many years, as they come (well, he is a convert) and their beers are well rated in secular contests.
Of course, as a nation, the Britons are well known for their distaste of any kind of weather whatsoever. Hot outside? Wander around complaining that it’s “too hot”, that it’s “sticky”, that you “wish there was more shade” or crack some lame joke about global warming. Raining? Mutter about it being “nice weather for ducks” (even though ducks don’t like rain), be unbearably smug about the waterproofs you might be wearing or look thoroughly miserable as you get completely drenched. Grey and miserable? Bemoan the fact that there’s never any “interesting” weather, huff and sigh to yourself or simply gaze into the middle distance. Snowing? God help the country as it grinds to a complete halt.
Do you want a FREE book? I have a new copy of Zagat’s 2012 Miami/South Florida Restaurant Guide. Leave a comment, any comment, related to South Florida. If you have visited one of the mentioned drives or attractions, or want to. A winner will be picked at random so make sure the included email address is correct. I will mail the guide only to a US address, however. Good luck!
My Fellow Americans: As this election heats up Republicans are going to warn you about the dangers of an Obama administration in its second term. They'll paint a picture of an out-of-control president who is free to unleash his most extreme liberal policies on an unsuspecting public. But in your hearts you already know this is crap.
The suburbs themselves break down into different factions, too. You’ve got the outer suburbs, like Gwinnett County, which are seeing a true inversion, and the inner suburbs, which often still suffer from high poverty and high crime. I would think that as the inner cores of cities become more and more expensive, these inner-ring suburbs would inevitably gentrify completely. Is that too simple an assumption?
The Wallaces are our kind of people. Download Ben's book today and enjoy it.
Four lines of prose about: the town elders.
Deep within ... the secret place ... retained memories of ancient way
I'm a slave to their whims I tell ya!
Thanks for stopping by! Hope to be back soon with a couple of things I'm still working on.
well little did we know how extremely hard the actual brass portion that fastens to the door is to find. We found tons of knobs, but actual brass pieces = near impossible. My sister in law took me to this huge antique store and after several hours I found two beautiful brass pieces
Cover FX Clear Prep FX
that it was gotten. He always seemed to be uneasy lest anything should
Last year, I got into a little show called The Sing-Off on NBC, a mini-series of sorts in which a cappella groups from around the country competed for a big cash prize and a record deal. I loved it, down to host Nick Lachey, his corny puns, and his constant, constant insistence that it was A CAPPELLA, NO ACCOMPANIMENT, JUST VOICES, DID I MENTION IT'S A CAPPELLA, DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS IT'S NO VOICES!
'The incident was absolutely unreal; the Soviets cried out in terror,' says Mr. Nummedal. Later that night, he saw ambulance crews circulating in the community. A driver he knew told him that they had been told to sedate everybody with a medication known to erase short term memory. The Soviets use this drug in the treatment of shock victims.
Friday morning I received the call from the Auto Repair place saying that my car was done and ready to be driven across the country, so I packed up my things in Orange County, dropped off the rental car in El Cajon, and proceeded east to jump in my Civic and hit the road!
A superb song to kick start anyone’s day
The size I got is worth $.80/shampoo and $.80 per conditioner.
You can give it a go here:
I remembered back then...
so where am i going with this? who the hell knows. my new way of telling time is, "it's time to get the fuck moving." (which i say to myself, of course, about 45 minutes before we actually have to leave.)
12 Tennesee Stud 6:16
I base my opinion on the results of a recent survey of human couples in long-term relationships. It appears that the women said regular sex was essential, whereas the men said they needed to be kissed and cuddled. After pinching myself to make sure I wasn’t in a parallel universe, I realised what must have happened. The women were so worried about appearing needy and emotional that they pretended to be men, while the men were so fearful of looking like heartless lechers that they pretended to be women. The result of all this disinformation was a report with findings that would make a baboon chortle.
You are my morning reward.
“We’re the oldest rescue mission in the Southeast and the sixth oldest in the entireUnited States,” she said.
woman," she says now. "If you have a subject matter for a song, you
A damning conclusion from the Committee. Rupert not their cuddly bear.
I have certainly tried, but I am sure that I have failed.
Our theme today is the canine. These sweet doggies were at the Butte Humane Society in Chico, CA when I visited last month. There were lots of folks there wanting to adopt, so I'm hopeful the dogs have been -or will soon be- moved to loving homes. (I was just dropping by and taking advantage of photo opps, not looking to adopt. I was tempted, though, and bet you are too. Am I right?)
Dimensional Data Mart expertise
call it
- It’ll be an interesting read in 10 years, – I said to myself, wrapped the 5 notebooks in a newspaper and put them away with the books my parents would never venture to read (Victor Hugo and Daniel Defoe).
Vishal
Vackie, Edward and I had decided to rent a room at a hotel and invite a few people over on the eve of my birthday. Nothing fancy, really. Just a quiet night with friends. Vackie, Edward and Arlan didn't show up.
Pinterest to the rescue! While perusing recently, I came across the most brilliant idea to solve this sticky problem. Instead of using stickers, use binders clips with the students number on them. To make them a bit more personal, I would probably add the student's names to the sticker and maybe some sort of little graphic. Then at the end of the year, I would probably give them to the students, and voila, next year make new ones with new students. A relatively cheap solution to a major pain!
that with care, they are totally repositionable.
For example, amid the brouhaha over the agency’s introduction of intensive full-body pat-downs in 2004, I requested complaints and discovered an untold story of the pain and humiliation suffered by rape victims and breast cancer survivors. In one incident that I found from that request — while I was a reporter at the Dallas Morning News — a woman complained that a screener asked her to remove her prosthetic breast to be swabbed for explosives.
A couple of weekends ago I went to hear His Holiness the Dalai Lama speak in Toronto. What an incredibly moving and powerful day that was. His message so clear, so simple, so true. I feel truly humbled to have been a part of it. No other philosophy has spoken to me as clearly as Buddhism. I am not Buddhist. And like all of the other philosophies and religions of the world I take my truth and leave the dogma behind. Still of all of them, I've probably learned most about life from my study and practice of Buddhism.
It's birthday month around these parts with my younger uglier brother hitting his magic 50th milestone and my faux daughter adding another year to her total. It's also birthday time for a couple more of the fine folks we all know and love this month, which leads me to believe that there was more than fireworks going off on the Fourth of July. A wish a very Happy Birthday to every one, and ah, what the hell, even my brother.
My two cents: Everything you say can and will be used against you. Not just in litigation, but as this case shows, also during prosecution.
wanted to try BookBaby’s distribution channels.
I think too often as teachers of writing, as writers, and as critique partners, we're quick to see the flaws in manuscripts. After all, isn't that what helps a writer grow? Understanding their weaknesses?
"We are totally egg-cited to play for Chica and all the Sproutlets who will be home watching with their families,” said The Dream Jam Band.
10. Soapbox Opera
Life is cyclical, like a spiral, where the end meets the beginning only on a different level. I have taken a year and a half journey through mug-land. I lost a treasured mug, which made me open my eyes to different mugs. I learned to accept and love mugs for what they are rather than what I want them to be. I have been gifted with special mugs that came into my life at the right time. And in the end I return much richer to the place where I began.
The chemistry was there from the start and now, only a short while later, Green Paper sits only a day away from the official release of it’s debut album Fire.
Well, we survived our first week of our new homeschool year. This is my fifth year teaching but my first year teaching high school. Our work load is really intense. Our week actually went quite well. We did a fun experiment with Coke and teeth. It was pretty gross. I hope to post pics of that this weekend.
Terminal Gravity Brewing
Thank you. Now go eat (healthy), drink (responsibly) and be merry!
I thought about what the supper on the other side of the dining room really meant. I wondered what deals were being sealed over Cabernet Sauvignon and sole meuniere. I also thought it strange – important men from two cultures, both with strong and defined cuisines, choosing to dine together in another totally foreign restaurant…
During my teens, and into my early twenties, I would spend up to eight hours a day here; this is where all the local booters session. It was great to know that if I went to Salem there would always be someone skating there. This park became the starting point for all of our crews sessions, no matter where we were going to skate that day.
Led by Virgin Australia’s Creative Director, Hans Hulsbosch, the new designs are inspired by the ceiling and flooring “leaf” designs in the Virgin Australia lounges, and have been created exclusively for the 777 fleet. The design and color palette creates a strong brand connection across the Virgin Australia journey.
If you’re thinking it sounds remote and insanely difficult, you should talk to the people who live there. Most of them look as if they have found paradise. Some have swapped a busy city life for a cosy cottage with a front garden that runs right down to the shore of Loch Nevis. Others, like our friends Iain and Jo Wilson who are organic sheep farmers, are completely in tune with the landscape while making a living from the land; they enjoy its beauty and unspoilt freedom every waking minute.
Alas, in my constant albeit somewhat restricted forage for pinks I was thinking I had nothing to share as I’ve been working on weddings and 4th of July projects and then I remembered, one of my customers had asked me to design a Baptism invitation for their daughter’s upcoming baptism. And what were the colors? Yes, white, silver and PINK!
Slave of Love
BECAUSE THE BITCH DIDN'T BRING THE COFFEE MAKER!!! She tortured us with promises of coffee, and then left us hanging....not even a note to let us know that she INTENDS to bring the pot next week/next month/next May, NOTHING.
Over 65 bloggers have come together to bring you some amazing natural spa products for your dogs. Each blog is offering one or more fantastic Problem Solving Products for the Modern Dog. All of the products offered by Happy Tails Spa are Eco-Friendly, All Natural, and Cruelty Free.
Sation recently updated their brand & bottles & I have a few of their new polishes to show you. The bottles are oval with thick glass bottoms. The new brushes are great for ladies like me that love wide brushes. The formula on all the ones I've tried is excellent. You can find out more about the brand on their Facebook page.
I tried to add the page rank tool here, but it didn't work. Boo!
Yes, face is in the shadows, but you visit here to see my outfits, not my mug, right?
Though someone will need to get up there and wind the bugger; I took these at half-ten.
This blog will be my journey into the land of self-employment, the land of retail and hopefully the land of art!
I’m in the process of selling my books on Barnes and Noble.com and maybe getting them into Barnes and Noble Book stores. From reading the directions on the bn website, it seems fairly easy. They just need your ISBN and a copy of your book plus other information. I’ve also considered sending extra used copies I have at home to Powell’s Books. They offer the option to sell your used books online as well in their stores. I have no control over the book prices on Lulu. However, I think one way to get people to buy more books could be to sell them used which would lower the cost. Especially since the Graphic Novels are all being printed in color and can get a little expensive. I think selling them Barnes and Noble and Powell’s is a good idea.
So that’s my list! For now. There are so many others… but I’ll stick with those 10 for now!
Basic Grey patterned paper - Kissing Booth
What I do know is that this young man needed something different than what he got. In the heat of the moment - whether that heat was real or merely contrived - his mother was unable or unwilling to step back, take a breath, and consider the needs of her child.
(Mitt Romney’s got) Money In (his) Pocket
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I’m not sure about the universe.”
“AIDS is a Candida and gay people feck corpses.”
Shannon Myiow
I freely admit to being a cynic. Part of having a cynical nature is recognizing that there’s cynicism and then there’s world-class cynicism. Me, I’m a rank amateur compared to Jim Delany.
17. Cooking III: How not to Inflict Your Diets on Other People
"We also left open what's happening with Nell. People found the ending too abrupt, but you can't tie the story up neatly if your photographer is killed. If you and I walked into a devil worshiper mass, we wouldn't know what was going on. We wouldn't understand where to point the camera, and who the big boss is. We would never understand it. That to
But, if scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are to be believed, then this will revolutionize a human’s state of being.
This is my hope. I really think my WIP has a cool premise, and I think it can be amazing if I can just get myself to the point where I'm good enough to write it. And I'm pretty certain I'm not the only one.
One of the main forces behind last weekend’s atheist gathering, the Reason Rally, was the Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF), an atheist group headed by husband and wife duo Annie Laurie Gaylor and Dan Barker.
Like him you are: did you not name a tempest,
Well, maybe it also works because he thinks my scrapbooking is pretty cool. ha ha!
Also contains several more tales by Richard Matheson including Nightmare at 20,000 Feet, Button, Button and Duel.
I instructed Mike to stop looking at his legs and to just look up and around. It was a cool but absolutely beautiful Saturday afternoon. He said that everything had a certain glow to it. “The perspective from up here is so nice.” I took my arm out from under his and within a few minutes told Sammy to do the same. There he was, standing completely unassisted with 100% of his weight on his previously crushed legs. I felt this was a HUGE breakthrough in my personal ministry and also for many others who have been pursuing more from the Lord – I wanted to be able to accurately retell Mike’s story. My hope is that we might be able to put together a little video testimony as well.
Of course I had moments of happiness.
(Leave a comment on the redhead post below, this happened after she was posted, so she feels isolated and lonely haha :))
Oh-ho-ho, how wrong you are, Dear Readers.
TTM4 p.8
The public fears that Ron Paul is not worried about terrorists, and since they are worried sick about terrorism, they feel safer choosing a pro-war candidate. By following the Letters of Marque and Reprisal, it is in my opinion that Dr. Paul will be tougher on terrorists than any modern president, and have far more compassion on innocent civilians. This message needs to be brought to the forefront.
distant wood. Their broad wings are not
As the final seconds ticked by before the first guests arrived, I surveyed my kingdom. The house was dust-free. The windows were crystal clear. The rug was devoid of Lucky Charms. The computer desk was free of cups, plates, and empty yogurt cups. There was no salami in the dvd's. The lawn was a perfect 1.5 inches, soft to the most tender feet. Weeds had been eradicated, flowers dead-headed, and borders trimmed. The tables and chairs were set about the yard, carefully designed to look as though they were not carefully designed. Drinks were set, food was simmering, and gentle strains of jazz wove through the scene like a comfortable old blanket. Even the tomatoes on the vine looked like decorations, as if to say, "here lives a man who can do it all". Sadly, it was too late to cancel the party and extend the moment further.
- 1/4 cup all purpose flour
This is where I started. This is where the path revealed itself. This one matters the most to me so I am making it available at a most reasonable rate. $26 includes shipping US, $31 international. When interested contact me directly at rabbitlange@gmail.com
In a large mixing bowl, combine the caster sugar and melted butter. Stir in the eggs and vanilla. Add the flour mixture to the butter mixture and stir until combined.
No wonder this is the Boy's favourite newspaper.
else with it. It just felt
Anyway, this week at the last minute Greg was offered a consulting gig in middle Tennessee, and 24 hours later, we were on the road. Our first stop was Mammoth Cave National Park in Kentucky, one of the places I have been wishing to visit for quite a while. We toured the cave. It was Mammoth. We drove across the ferry, explored the park, did very little hiking due to the 95 degree heat, and we spent the night in a Wigwam. We did cheesy touristy things and much fun was had. Then we went to Nashville to visit our friends Thomas and Dita and their two babies. Then we spent the night at a nice hotel and the kids and I goofed off while Greg worked. Great fun was had by all, and even though it was only a 3 day trip, I think we crammed in as much fun as possible.
It is ideal for any small gifts and I love how this project turned out. The card only measures 4 x 4 inches, not a lot of room for layers, so I kept it simple. The DP I used is by Doodlebug and it was perfect for this project....I bought a 12 x12 piece as I liked it so much, but didn't buy anything else in the same line to match it!! So it suited a simple layout!! I used my favourite Gorjuss girl, she is coloured with copics, cut out and popped up with foam pads onto a nestie cut circle that has been embossed with a joy crafts embossing stencil.
Mason has turned into a chatter box. Lots of times it is cute, other times it is not. I think I have a hard time because he has a hard time trying to explain his thoughts. "um mom, well um, that thing um, mom, um I like that, um thing, mom, mom, mom um mom...." If I don't answer and acknowledge what he is saying he will say mom mom mom mom over and over again to the point of driving me crazy. Or he will repeat something he wants or something he wants to do over and over again until I acknowledge him "mom I want to go to the park" "mom lets go to the park" "mom I said we should go to the park"
She is on Spring Break this week but I plan to call the school and try to talk to her so that she knows that I am here and I love her and I miss her very much. I am trying to get up the money to get a Lawyer and get her home with her brother and sisters where she belongs! Jordan told me today that Easter didnt feel right and we did not feel like a family because Livia was not home! It hurts to hear my 10 year old say that!
'oh right, yeh, don't stomp my feet. That one is hard, they have a mind of their own'
Carol Stacey (English Democrats) 115 4.6%
Now is a good time to compare and contrast those reforms with the record of the Obama administration:
One too many birds and everything could appear too staged. That said, maybe a ceramic Picasso owl from J.F. Chen could hold fresh green leaves by the ice bucket.
Well, I've had a lovely lazy start to the day! I have taken today as annual leave and I'm off into London in a bit to meet my friend Becca...we're off to some museums today.
You may see something usual like a chipmunk or squirrel moving across the path, or you may see the owl or hawk. You never know till you go.
Slice chillies horizontally into thin rings.
We all have to live here on this planet. Together. We need to work this out. If we demonize people as “reptilian shapeshifters”, then we’re just repeating the same old patterns.
A few more days to labor and wait,
In addition to the furloughs, Minton said the Kentucky court system would cut hours and benefits for part-time employees and increase the price state courts charged for criminal record reports.
spiritual conquest.”
Recently, a local man died and, in his will, he left his house to his son but one room in the house to his daughter. The brother and sister have since fallen out. The people I am staying with do not know how the sister gets to her room via the rest of the building which the brother owns if the brother decides to be really difficult about access.
Today my circuit went like this:
Hall takes a populist, irreverent approach to the plays, importing quotes from British popular culture into their productions, just as the 16th century playhouses had acrobats and jugglers to entertain the groundlings. As in Shakespeare's day, Propeller is an all-male troupe. This might in fact be the most interesting aspect of their work, as it promisingly highlights the playfulness of gender in Shakespeare's texts. Even the set design is a take on the classic Elizabethan stage: it's a bare playing space with a balcony back stage over doors leading to the tiring room, the whole capped by representations of the heavens - a full moon in the first half, stars in the second.
“I listened to all these men at our meeting, and sat there wondering why people were continuously claiming that ‘Boers had no leaders’ amongst them. On the contrary, we have a great many people with leadership potential as was clearly shown at this meeting. These people are motivated by the noblest of ideals and there are many such potential leaders who will help place us back on our road to true freedom.’
All systems are looking good. Kinlee got a little upset about getting undressed and having her temperature taken under her arm, of all things… but Dr. A was good about letting her keep her clothes on until she needed whatever was covered. (Weird that Kinlee was funny about taking her clothes off… Miss I Love My Skin generally is happy to run around in her “naked body” with panties only.)
Granted, pretty much every beer had a pleasing cheese counterpart to accompany it, so all were enjoyable. I think the ability to mix and match a little more for this gathering had something to do with that, and the fact that some people who aren't as, well, nerdy about this stuff as others were able to try some palate-changing pairings. Plus, it was a great day to just shoot the shit and talk about the beverage in our glasses. All in all, it was a success, and we look forward to putting on more of these in the near future.
And then...you see WHICH area is NUMBER ONE...
So we just have family parties now, and they can invite their friends to those. It works.
At the risk of either being overconfident, arrogant, impudent, or some other word ending in ‘nt’, I’ll make a prediction about tomorrow’s results.
eggwhites until soft peaks form. Then gradually add sugar.
So my birthday was last week (same as Rachel Zoe's i was not surprised but extremely happy to find out) and I had my best friends wedding over the weekend - which was effing amazing in every way, will post pics as soon as i get them. So, I did such a good job hitting bottom, folks. I mean, i'm terrific at hitting bottom.
Besides “The Trapezoid”, what other kinds of rookie knitter mistakes have you made or seen? I’d love to hear more stories of being bad before you became good at knitting.
Well, another 30 minutes in line and I have 10 generic tickets - BattleTech VR simulator here we come. "Hey Paul, you don't have your goody bag.". "What goodie bag and where's Nate?". Another 20 minutes in line and I have a free copy of Rift, a Magic booster deck and a ton of coupons for free shit. Battletech time you say? Nope, time to head to the hotel for check-in - Argh!!!!
by simply omitting the second chain in the corner and slip stitching to
I'm running and not quite sure where to go
I have spent the rest of the night trying to figure out what it is that I need. She asked me what my life would look like if it did not completely revolve around S. Because right now it does. The job I have, the house I live in, the school district, the dog, how I spend all of my time-- that ALL revolves around him. I take breaks from him, and do other things--- but I always justify it in my head by saying, "I am doing this so that I can take better care of him when I am done."
Isn’t a successful hypnosis one where someone wakes up and they don’t think anything happened; yet there they stand, butt naked and wearing a toilet seat around their neck, completely confused.
Hello Wednesday! Thank goodness you're here...it's standardized testing week in my neck of the woods, which means lots of stress for this teacher! I'm ready for this week to be over. Hopefully, you're having a good week and if not...you're on the home stretch.
in so wanton a manner,
He stood leaning against the railing, nursing wounds that bled deep somewhere in his soul. His mind, body and spirit abused and battered by the woman whom he had given everything possible. His wife and so called companion for life.
UPS is an essential. So are ice lollies for children.
Work still has the ability to make me anxious. I still wake up in the middle of the night thinking dark thoughts about my experiences of the past three years. Then I tell myself I've been lucky, look at all the people working in horrible jobs on poverty wages. All the people with no hope trying to survive on poverty benefits.
I don't want robbers to think that we're dirty or anything. Or, you know, the guy that feeds our cat.
The opening track Riddle Of You gives an instant indication of the progressive nature of the release with its initial bubbling melodic beckoning towards the ear. The song soon expands into a striking creature as the track slowly rises to its feet. Muscular riffs start flexing and leading the cause as the fine vocals of Johnston starts unveiling the heart of the song. The riffs continue to niggle and badger the ear as the melodic invention infuses within the powerful intensity. Lit up by the magnetic pull of the melodic enterprise that pours from the song as it progresses, the senses are captivated and eager to drive further into the album though the lengthy ten minute opener ensures the wait is very satisfying and the following Slightly Out of Breath ensuring it was worthy while.
(3) White ones.
The only point passive people continue to make is the cost of the investment. Yes their cost is less but you are buying a product without advice, professional money management 24/7, and no plan. Your on your own and I am not certain that for many people that is a good thing.
And, last but not least is posture. Everything you’re doing caring for your baby at the moment involves you hunching forwards eg feeding baby, lifting baby, pushing your buggy etc. Good posture in seated and in standing is essential. If you didn’t do Pilates during pregnancy and you’re concerned that your posture is worsening now that you’re no longer pregnant, I’d strongly suggest that you find a Postnatal Pilates teacher locally who can a) assess your posture and b) set you a program of pelvic and shoulder stabilisation exercises that will help tone your abdominals and pelvic floor, and get you thinking seriously about how to conduct yourself in normal day-to-day activities like lifting, carrying and feeding baby. Having good posture when it comes to exercise is essential, hence the reason I’ve mentioned it here. In my classes for new mums, I’m constantly listing teaching points eg feet hip distance, knees soft, shoulders back and down, abdominals connected etc, to ensure that my clients are in the most optimum and supportive position when they’re exercising. Because I remind them so frequently, these tips then start to transfer into their daily lives too, which can only help improve their posture, mindset and well-being. So, have a think about how you’re sitting reading this now? Are your shoulders lifted? Is your back in a supportive position?
^ that.
Watch:
My hubby is more than a Six Million Dollar Man,
A blessed day to you! Welcome to Stampin' Sisters in Christ, where our challenges are inspired by scripture. We pray you will be blessed by your fellowship with us, as we are blessed by yours!
You just walked away
Look, I'm no racist. I hate everyone pretty much the same. I believe in Steve's Equal Opportunity, in that everyone, daily, has an equal opportunity to piss me off and incur my wrath. No one has a monopoly on stupid, or on ignorant. If you're an idiot, I'm gonna' call you out.
Anyway, from there I started writing my speech. I had never in the 20 years since my sis died actually wrote "the story" of what our family went thru. No one had ever really heard what it was like for us in our community. A great amount of tears came with writing my speech, but it was good tears. Ones that I probably had held back for many years. I was able to take my anger and put it to use in a positive way. I then gave my speech to Chad to read. I couldn't even read it to him, because of how vulnerable I felt. It took me many times reading it on my own before I was able to read it out loud. I gave the speech to my friend and we setup the 1st class I would come to speak for.
The master suite is on the second floor and consists of a huge bath with custom shower, two sinks, and an enormous walk in closet and skylights which flood the stairwell leading up with natural light. The bedroom is nicely sized and well proportioned. Additionally there is a tremendous amount of storage space in easily accessible attic space.
There was no wall to tear down in Moscow, but symbolic acts abounded: Russian flags replaced the Soviet; Dzerzhinsky and Stalin fell from their pedestals and gathered in a park, a garden of ghostly stone. (Someone had painted red fangs on Papa Joe.) Streets, parks, and metro stations lost their old names—Gorky fell out of favor once again and lost his namesakes. Imagine the comedy of Russian students trying to grasp directions to places undergoing a politio-linguistic transformation that didn’t always match the current signage.
O look at all the fire-folk sitting in the air!
It has seemed to me for a while that there is no-one that stands up for our charnelled dead. I doubt they ever wanted to be dead. I doubt they would have ever seen themselves as a political statement, red in tooth, blood type and flat line. Their voices, their ideas are largely subsumed by the political actor in the play, the man with the bomb, the woman with the commitment, the other side.
Knowing it is indefensible, the various self-investigatory reports will try to hang their underlings out to dry and tell us Mark Kennedy was a rogue officer straying off-mission. When all seven exposed officers behaved more or less identically, the police need to tell us how many it takes to prove that far from following orders, this was strategy. And more than that, who devised, approved and ordered this political policing?
Besides the reality of the "French of France" observance of jus soli, the law of naturalisation, rather than jus sanguinis. And besides the reality that there was no nation of France for at least 200-400 years (maybe more) after the patriarchs arrived in North America.
She picked up an almost-empty pack of cigarettes, and tugged one out. The pack was dropped into her lap, forgotten, and she lit the stick in her mouth. The first inhale didn’t make her cough. Smoking hadn’t done that in years.
there you have it, party people. it is absolutely not a bit what i was expecting to buy. we'd been shopping the late 70s/early 80s fixers with a vengeance. so many that had amazing potential, but needed lots of cosmetic love. the moment i saw the listing for this beauty, i said, why not? maybe someone in this city didn't choose completely vanilla upgrades and we can have that older home with gobs of charm and a price tag we can afford? and so it was.
There are places that got hit pretty bad but if its any consolation, this earthquake is far from the one that hit central Luzon two decades ago in terms of damage. We’ve had some pretty bad natural calamities these past few years but Filipinos are hard to break. We persevere and endure – we even find humor in the direst of situation.
Do big things for God! Do radical things! Do hard things! You’ll reach thousands for Christ! An evangelist! A preacher! A pastor! A healer! A prophet! Signs! Wonders!
My station is Nutty Hill Gate. Now I'm starving.
Neal Lulofs, Executive Vice President and General Manager, ABCi
1. How Not To Be Seen. (Ode to Python) The Art of Camouflage.
Of course, the mainstream media were collectively crying “foul” against former president Bush in 2006 but are dead silent in 2012 while their political iconic hero walks the same dark path. It was diabolical then and is diabolical now. But, as is sadly common for mankind, hypocrisy reigns supreme when partisan politics capture the moment. People get so caught up in Left/Right, Democrat/Republican, he did/she did thinking, that they often fail to realize that they are the very ones it is being done to.
“Philately: the study of stamps, postal history and other related items.”
Hindi Movie Title : Andolan: Ek Violence Story
And who always will.
Bright Purples and Oranges﻿
cliff. The big moron fell off. Why didn't the other one?
I encouraged him to bring the clothes and toys into his room but instead more and more toys got dragged into our living room. When it was time to sit down and eat his breakfast, his favorite of ‘waffles and cream’, the battle started. Normally, a good tactic is to put a clock in front of him so he can see how much time he has. Today we didn’t do that because we were not thinking about the exact occasion we had to leave like we do every day for school. That was a Bad choice on my part. I should have showed him the exact time he needed to have eaten and gotten dressed by. Then we should have marched out the door. Unfortunately, we had to pack our suitcases and pack the car.
Bernbach was the son of immigrant from Eastern Europe, but the clichéd beginning of a success story ends here. Though Bernbach downplayed his early life in the Bronx, his father was actually a successful designer of women’s clothes, and Bill himself graduated from New York University in 1933. His self-confidence and ambition had carried him through a couple of early promotional jobs, but it was humility brought on by a year’s unemployment that seemed to get him his first job in advertising. When asked why he should be hired over the other applicants, Bernbach replied, “I don’t know why I should have it. I don’t even know if I’m equipped.”
in the river for the elusive big fish, while Half Harris, the ‘half-wit’ brother he won’t acknowledge, fishes for random objects. But it is Half Harris who catches the fish. How often does it happen for you that a story you’re writing is different from what you planned? Did that happen at all with this novel?
An issue that is so important and very real, and yet also very confusing and there’s lots of different opinions. These guys go back to the Bible and see what God actually has to say about how he promises to guide us. Short, easy to read and instantly helpful.
#2..New Neighbors..So-- there was this tiny house over and down the road a Tad. Super small-- I think when it was for sale the real estate had it listed as 565 Sq Foot. That house has new Tenants. 4 adults and 2 small children under 5--and no-- I have no idea how they all sleep in there.. I must say that they have done some improvements to the place. A really nice fence around the place, A New coat of paint, Planting of fruit trees, Removal of dead trees etc. But-- also came with it, Nightly Bonfires in a No Burn zone ( fire department has been called at least 4 times that we know of). Dogs that Bark every time a leaf moves , all night,, every night....and no one that will tell them to stop. Nightly Pot Parties around the "bonfire"....and Chickens....Which I think is great..Nothing like fresh eggs...But seriously The chicken Coop...well lets just say they have it strategically placed on the very edge of the property line under their neighbors windows.
Then again the heat from my keyboard'd probably melt my hands.
So what did the guys who summoned OBL from the Hades again had him say to convince us this time?
Patient: "Do you have samples?"
After the Julie Q&A was the Buffy photo ops portion of my day – I went for a Julie photo first, then waited around with the Toronto Buffy Fan club crew until we got our big group pictures with all five buffyfest stars. There were enough of us that the fans had to be split up into two groups, so I was in the ‘costumes’ group because I’d dressed up in my Simon Tam outfit.
The devastation caused in South East Asia by the cataclysmic Tsunami wave on Boxing Day 2004 was a significant reminder of the power of nature. Over 310,000 people were to lose their lives in many different countries, some as far away as five thousand miles from the earthquake that triggered the catastrophe. Nobody could fail to be moved by the images beamed around the world of entire regions that, put simply, were no longer there anymore as the wave had erased it all in one of history’s great natural disasters. It also, for some researchers, revealed one of the darker sides of mankind, the Tsunami Bomb.
His revival could possibly save the universe.
So, those have been some highlights of our recent weeks.
Iraqi “emo” teens “stoned to death by the Moral Police” Initial report:three rockets launched from #Gaza into #israel -area of Ashdod. Breaking: 3 rockets fired from #Gaza to #Israel, #IronDome shot down 2 of them. 20 rockets fired today by now #terror Iron Dome system intercepted some of the rockets that were launched earlier at the Ashdod area.#defense
I relayed all this to Chuck, who frowned. That was an awful lot of pajama time with my mother. But since he’d be on the road for most of it, he left it up to me.
So what is truly needed is something rare and expensive which can replace shark fin, something which carries prestige. High end Bordeaux wine, such as First Growths, or some other equally expensive wine, can fit that qualification. We all know how Bordeaux wine has taken China by storm, and that expensive Bordeaux has found a great market in China. That type of wine fits within their cultural desire to display their prestige and wealth, to give to friends and business associates an expensive gift. Bordeaux can easily be more expensive than shark fins, so it offers an even greater symbol of wealth. At weddings, great banquets and other such significant events, serving costly Bordeaux can speak far more loudly than any soup.
If you are interested in any of them just click on the job titles and it will take you to the job description.
They move to the next kennel, giving each of us cheer…
Until 28th February 2010
and slip below the surface.
If you read through all of that, I thank you. The story at the top came to me last night, and I've been thinking for a while that two of my greatest writing weaknesses are Sci-fi and action, so I thought I'd give myself a writing exercise this morning that would stretch me in both of those areas. Let me know how you thought I did either in the comments below, or on facebook.
9. Was a part of Bree Wee's Spreading Aloha to the Marshallese project. This was my first time bringing holiday cheer to folks who don't have much and the best Christmas for me in years!
It's appropriate I'm in my birthday suit.
1996
At one of the classes my teacher announced to everybody that I was going to be learning to teach burlesque, our deadline is next summer now for that.
Moving on, someone else asked Tarantino to name any films he'd be embarrassed to admit he'd not seen. Perhaps he was too embarrassed to list any specifically but he went on to talk about Fellini and European directors that he'd had difficulty enjoying. He made rather a interesting observation that he felt it was a mistake to go straight for films that are considered "classics" or the auteur's best.
One little cloud floating in the Saturday afternoon sky.
Make a New Year's resolution to read at least 1 book a month. Try to read a wide variety, it will help you grow as a person. Happy Holidays, Ted
Oh yes! I’m cooking today. My younger siblings went to school so I can do whatever I want on our kitchen without someone bothering me.
The second movement had none of the lilt which might have been expected from this orchestra, but rather a natural, flowing line, with shaping more pronounced than pulse. I feared for a moment at the beginning of the third movement as the firsts were scrappy and more than a little behind – my thoughts: oh, Schlamperei, please don’t intrude now! – though when I saw Nézet-Séguin’s minuscule beat I could see what the problem was. In any case things soon got onto a steadier footing, and Nézet-Séguin wound a very tight coil with the tension released only at the very last minute, in a glorious brass blaze of the sort that normally gets a raucous ovation (though never in a Philharmoniker concert). There should perhaps be something unheimlich and indistinctly menacing about this, neglected by YN-S and the Philis, though the hollowness of the triumph soon struck home in their final movement. Torment and despair registered, as they must, but never in a way which made me want to reach for the nearest Mariss Jansons recording. As in the first movement, D major heralded something new, with real breadth (I often find performances of this final movement lacking in length, or at least a sense of it), and gave the minor something of import to extinguish. How much this all had to do with Nézet-Séguin
Lois Turner said...
A Psychic on the other hand typically picks up on information through a series of visions seen through their ‘third’ or mind’s eye. Other senses may also be stimulated, such as their sense of taste, hearing, sight or smell. There is also the physical sense of temperature. Each Psychic is different and may use just one or any combination of these senses when picking up information. Some, like the well-known Scott Russell Hill in Australia and Alison Dubois of the ‘Medium’ tv show fame will receive the messages in their sleep. Many psychics such as myself also possess some sort of mediumistic ability and will use the two in combination.
Please take time to read the submissions by the other carnival
On days when I go under 1,800 it helps me to keep the average on days when I go over. I like the idea of averaging 1,800 a day because there is less stress on days when you do go over. If I know I don’t want to go over 12,600 calories in a week (1,800 a day) and I am sitting at 8,000 for Mon-Fri, I know that if the weekend has me eating higher calories than normal I don’t have to stress about ruining my whole week. I am still right on plan.
- Despite it being extra workload on top of my existing, I’ve found myself constantly thinking of ideas, jotting things almost brainstorming in desperation, and when I look back over the ideas I’d written down, there are sometimes glimmers of little gems in there.
Agree to disagree and let
Further, Recital 15 states that the copyright protection ‘covers the structure of the database’. In contrast, the ‘sui generis’ right protects the content, but protection is simply a right to prohibit extraction or re-utilization of the data contained in the database ‘that right is conferred not to protect the originality of the database in itself, but to compensate the effort expended in obtaining, verifying and/or presenting the data contained therein’.
inspirational speaker.
#1 Son spent 6 hours in the kitchen
But this was a different level. This involved my heart. Something I always put out there, but had a large protective barrier around it. And……it was now permanently meshed with my sons. It wasn’t just me to think about. This would involve some time. In this case the time was about 6 months.
My day would have been survivable if my kids would have happily sat in front of the T.V. all day, but no, no that cannot happen on a day like that day. They fought with each other all.day.long! I could hardly do a thing about it because I could hardly move or sit up with out feeling weak and like I was going to pass out. I was miserable to say the least!
Although pessimistic, Spain only scored 55, well below the European average. Confidence fell in 24 of the 27 European countries. Only ten countries worldwide scored above 100.
under the trees and
Like I said, I don’t need a good man. I just want one good man. Mulder of X-Files used to say “the truth is out there.” Well, so is my good man. And yours.
it makes some brown specks in your smoothie, you can tell children these are strawberry seeds and generally this works, even when you have not in fact used any strawberries in the smoothie :)
Who says I’m lonely when I’m alone?
I might add that we don’t spank specifically for catharsis. If it happens, it happens, but it’s not an end of itself and it’s not pretty when it does. Again, some women want/need that but by experience, I’ve learned it’s not helpful for Lynda.
My lunch partner's starter of mussel and saffron soup was decent enough, but my bland autumn vegetable "cook pot" came with a side order of worm. Yes, you heard me right. The attitude of the staff was very "har har har, more protein for you". Nice. It happens I know.
Drumlines from across the country traveled to Brooklyn to compete in the event, which benefits the Brooklyn Steppers Marching Band.
That’s what it feels like right now.
To celebrate the release of Turning Guilt Trips into Joy Rides, Shirley, Janine and Kim are giving away some great prizes during the blog tour. Share your own "guilt trip" or "joy tip" and be entered to win a free life coaching consultation and a $50 Amazon.com gift certificate.
Upon arriving at the doctor's appointment, it was so wonderful to be greeted by our favorite CF Nurse. It is such a blessing to have a nurse who worries about us and cares about us and allows us to give her hugs after all of the arduous work we ensued getting this appointment underway!!!
Draw in outsiders. Appeal to people who have never heard of your non-profit. Share interesting facts and content about your organization to create a buzz.
Asahi Breweries Ltd Asahi Black (Kuronama)
Erica Jong, who describes herself as a “zipless gran,” is the only one to point out that the intensive, at-home parenting required of the “attachment” model “takes resources”: “An affluent mom who doesn’t need to earn can afford co-sleeping, making pure food, using cloth diapers and being perfectly ecological,” Jong rightly observes.
So what are we to do with this Jesus? NT Wright has some helpful thoughts at this juncture:
Here I always think back to the character of Ann Clayborn in Kim Stanley Robinson’s sublime Mars Trilogy. In those novels Clayborn is a sort of ultra-environmentalist whose zeal for preserving Mars in its original, pre-human state borders on the nihilistic insofar as she attributes a higher dignity to the rocks, dust, and environment of Mars than to the flourishing of humans on the planet Mars. She is, for example, crushed by the terraforming of Mars that involves unleashing aquifers across the surface of the planet, heating up the atmosphere, planting plants and releasing organisms, etc. Clayborn attributes dignity and rights to the planet itself, refusing to treat the planet as a mere passive matter to be formed in whatever way humans might like. While I don’t think we wish to go as far as Clayborn, her character nonetheless raises an important point. To what degree to nonhuman actants have dignity and rights all their own? And if they do, from whence does this dignity and these rights to persist in their conatus arise? Are they simply projections we make upon nonhuman actants? Or is there a more robust and ontological sense in which they have rights and must be included in our deliberations about how we relate to the world? The uncanny question that emerges when you watch Gasland is the question of what gives us the right, what entitles us to destroy these streams, these ancient rock formations, these fields, these migratory patterns, and so on. You find yourself– or rather I found myself –filled with the sense that we do something deeply wrong when we destroy these things in this way, or when we grant no “voice”, no place in our deliberations, to these nonhuman actors. And in wondering this, it seems that I’m attributing a dignity to these things that isn’t merely a matter of my projections, my cognitions, but which belongs to these things themselves. How could such a curious thing be possible?
I hope to post more this year. Forgive me if I don't. I do have a lot of things I want to talk about in the nail polish and make up world. I love color,and makeup and nail polish is just one way for me to express myself. Until next time...take care and stay safe.....Velvet.
Today one of my friends asked if I could make meals for her aunt. Her aunt has fought uterine cancer in the past and last year went through a double mastectomy. Last week she went to the doctors as she has had a cold she couldn't kick. It appears that there are growths on her lungs and lymphnoids. My friend advised me that her aunt has never asked for help through her previous trials. However, she is acknowledging her need for help. She is not a believer and as a result does not have "A" church to help carry her through this. That doesn't mean that the church needs to abandon her.
There you go, packaging that's the key.
Now I have a fully fledged, light-saber wielding Fan in the house. Mr 6 is known for his heartfelt passions for the things that interest him. We have thus far lived through The Wiggles era, where he insisted on wearing a yellow shirt every day and being addressed as Sam, and the Ben 10 moment, where he would suddenly belt himself on the wrist, thrash about and then insist he had morphed into a three-metre alien named Humungosaur. But both of these pale into insignificance beside his heartfelt love for Star Wars.
And we all know about beer and cheese.
The behaviors that we worked so hard to keep at bay all year long are coming out again. It's time for a much needed break and some summer fun.
freaking out over the latest Doctor Who plot twists
Last weekend I spontaneously met at friend in Harvard Square on a Sunday afternoon to wander 'round May Fair. I'd just returned home from a baby shower held earlier in the day, and in a rush to change and meet her, I grabbed a shirt I last remembered wearing on another date, one from this past fall, when I thought all of my romantically inclined stars had finally aligned. I was caught off guard for a moment, for I had made a conscious effort to tuck away all of those recent fall memories deep in the recesses of my brain where I needn't bother with them again. Still though, for a few quick seconds, that was what that shirt brought to mind. Until I put it on and decided, no more of that weighted memory for this lovely plaid shirt. Instead, it is now the shirt I wear on a sunny May day, when I'm off to meet a dear friend for ice cream...and maybe later, if we're feeling crazy, a glass of champagne. Which is exactly what we did.
I’m headed off to teach a Screenwriting Tricks workshop in Cleveland (open to all, if you’re in that part of the country, see here).
Rebeka Smith of Businesseurope (the confederation of European business) affirms that while ‘employment has to be viewed as one of the prerequisites for combating poverty,’ unemployment is only one of the principal issues. Given the proliferation of precarious jobs and low wages, 8% of workers still approach poverty despite earning salaries.
YELLOW DERVISH
goes. Only about $0.52 of earned income per dollar is available for charity
I'm adding this to my favorite books read in 2009; and it's easy to see why this made the Morris Award shortlist. Yes, of course it's because of the plot, and the deft handling of serious issues and everyday issues, and supporting characters who are well rounded; but it's also (in my opinion, I have no connection to the Committee!) the character and portrayal of Blake. Blake is so real, from his humor, his point of view, his attraction to Shannon, that at times I thought Blake was real and the author had just invited him to his house, given him some cheese and caramel popcorn, and transcribed Blake's words.
Long story. There was a story, one of four which I'd originally written in 1999-2000, which was published in Granta in 2002 and which I'd assumed I'd be including in this collection. But when I looked at it properly again, it didn't feel right - it felt like something I'd written when I was 23, not something which I would write now. It felt like I'd be including it just to pad out the pages. But it also tied in so nicely with the themes and landscape of the book that it seemed a shame to leave it out. And yet I wasn't at all sure I wanted to rewrite it; I've always felt that when something is
Ooh la la...
so far. On how much’ve
Vivek Rao, a heart surgeon and recipient of the 40 under 40 awards program was quoted in the Globe as saying: “No amount of praise, or money, or obligation will get you out of bed in the morning. You’ve got to loe what you do.”
If you're a blogger:
Mario & Luigi – Partners in Time (DS)
Notice they are all girl names even though she said it is a boy. Hilarious.
Because you're a free radical. A secret and hearty revolutionary.
Title: Two Imaginary Girls
A good night can often can turn into an impromptu pub crawl and planned pub crawls can in turn be mundane tick box exercises; dictated more by the proximity of the first to the second to the third pub. With this in mind Captain English and I set out on our Easter Crawl knowing only the starting point: The Grosvenor, Stockwell.
I am not sure the prime minister understands that he is taking on a sensibility as much as a political platform. Because Britain was never invaded by the Nazis, and never suffered from any of the other versions of 20th-century tyranny, there is an unforgivable frivolity about our dealings with totalitarianism. Dilettante bureaucrats, journalists and intellectuals play with extremists and their ideas with the insouciance of men and women who know that they will never have to suffer the consequences of coping with extremists in power. The best gift the British can give the world in this moment of crisis is to imitate the crowds in North Africa and say enough of all of that. It is time to break away from a shameful past.
With kissless nights under Heaven’s moonlit skies,
how the same heart
4 oz feta cheese
3-4 – Entertainer extraordinare Little John Nee hosts our party pieces. How fast can you say the Our Father in Irish? Can you speed knit? Dance a jig? Sing a nice song? Or simply wiggle your ears or bend your fingers in an unnatural fashion? No matter how big or small, professionally learned, gifted or just plain infantile-but-very-funny- your party piece is – bring it along to The Good Room and add it to our Good Room YouTube Gift List.
Although my Grandma died over a decade ago, it's interesting to me to now own the china that she selected herself as a young woman so many years ago. To see which style appealed to her when she was choosing her china pattern.
It is also unsurprising that the PM gave his best friend a plum job and a peerage. So why the big fuss? Everyone knew the Tories were dabbling in dodgy ethics. Sleaze is what brought them down the last time. And now opinion is swinging back to Labour.
this is just one example of the antique dining tables that we have in stock, it is a wonderful Regency period table with solid mahogany top and 4 original leaves, this table will easily seat 14 people and will look stunning in any large dining room.
That was lucky, by getting out there a little later than normal, I missed most of the snow, and as I was sorting through the few photos I took, the rain hit in earnest. It is hard to believe that just a month ago we were in the middle of a record-breaking heat wave with temperatures in the mid to upper 80′s. It was cold, windy, and snowy today, more like the middle of March should be than the middle of April.
And I know what I see I did was wrong and what I will, it will be wrong
My second option was feasible, but not practical given the time of day. Every once in a while, the smell of barbecue or grill smoke comes in on little cat feet into our abode from one of our neighborly neighbors. However, as it was 7:30 in the morning, I deemed it highly unlikely that the people over the high walls and electrified fence would be firing up the barbie to char something.
The formula is to.die.for. This is two coats, but that's only because I'm a habitual two-coater. It looked just like this at one coat. The formula is on the thicker side, but not in an annoying way, and it flows quite precisely on the nail. I barely had to clean up at all.
Another positive side effect of all this bamboo guzzling: panda poop smells great.
How evil/nasty is the enemy? Very evil because no one knew it was there, no one could tell when it was laying the foundation for its demonic plans, then adding all the layers like icing on a cake.
Turbulence – what’s that?” “Sir it’s pockets caused by heat
This is because the immigrants have come in smaller numbers and are similar to Singaporeans in terms of culture, language and beliefs and have few problems assimilating into Singapore society.
And I am completely smitten with the other things she has done to make her space pretty and effective as well!
Welcome to Fool's Gold, California, a charming community in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada. There's lots to do and plenty of people to meet, especially women. Because there's just one tiny problem in Fool's Gold: the men don't seem to stick around. Maybe it's the lure of big-city life, or maybe it's plain old bad luck, but regardless of the reason, the problem has to be fixed, fast. And Charity Jones may be just the city planner
Pick 2: Redskins
You had all your pretty figures in a row: how long we’d been together, how much money we’d spent together, how many divided dollars you’d given me, how “savvy” I’d been to pay off my card each month. Yeah, well, if I’d been really “savvy” I never would have taken up with you in the first place!
or... you can let your child customize the name box area, "signing" their name to a piece of cardstock paper and then attach that to the print (that would be super cute too.)
1.Join us and link up once per month March 31st, April 28st, May 26th, and June 30th – sharing a post of your latest garden update . Include: 1 current photo, progress, lessons/resources being used, and homeschooler’s reaction / involvement!
- Stand By Me. This movie, made from Stephen king's novella The Body, quite possibly ties for best adaptation.
Christmas Traditions
May 14 – May 25 — Early Voting for Primary Elections
always blaming something on me.
Dearest Momma, Fair and Gazing
November kicked off with a fun weekend in Philly at Theresa's cousin Stacy's wedding. The ceremony was beautiful and the reception was a blast. It definitely turned into the heaviest drinking night of the month haha. Family get-togethers with Theresa's family are always a good time :-). The day pretty much consisted of the ceremony, drink a few beers with the family before the reception, cocktail hour, dinner/drinking/dancing/cigars at the reception, some more drinks at the hotel bar with the family, and finished the night off with an always-satisfying late-night Wawa run. It was nice to relax and do nothing the next day once we got home :-). The only downfall to the day was that we missed another wedding the same day for our friends Aubrey and Josh. Congratulations to both couples!
peppercorn mouthfuls.
The Polycotylidae was separately chosen as the most likely source for the modern sightings of the smaller "Marine saurians" of the Ambon SS type,which in turn seem to be related to the creature known from a carcass in West Africa known as "Gambo". And so it seems, as Tyler Stone suggests, the Plesiosaurs which survived into modern times are both related, but one type is from a long-necked (Dolichodeire) family with a medium-loong neck, generally similar to Cryptoclidus, but a surviving related line is a secondarily shorter-necked Plesiosaur type related to the Polycotylids.
I will continue to question, to do my best to live with honour. To those around, to my Lord and Lady, family and friends. To all of you who read my words. To those unknown, but who still form part of my life.
- letting her tell us when she had to go (as opposed to us bringing her - fit with her personality/mood better)
71. Smoked pot? - Inhaling smoke just doesn't appeal to Asthma Girl. But I did get stoned one time at a post-theatre party in a small cottage where everyone else was smoking pot. After awhile of inhaling the secondhand smoke, I realized that fidgety me hadn't moved in a really long time. And that all the colors had gotten more brilliant. And that everything was so damn funny!!
drip
There’s somewhere between 60 and 80 million Patriots out here just waiting to clean your clock. The shape and size of the coming wave of change is starting to make itself felt. There will be a very thorough house cleaning this time. And Barry… while you’re cleaning out your office, be sure to tell everyone how irrelevant the Patriot Movement is.
As a writer, there’s nothing that will get between you and writing. You may not reach your writing goals each day, but you always do your best, and you’re rightfully proud of that.
This is a screwup of epic proportions, honestly, right up there with SOE’s screwup last year. There’s a certain level of nausea accompanying my typing the following sentence: SOE handled their situation better. They found out about the problem promptly, shut down everything, made sure things were nice and secure, and then gave a heap of compensation to everyone affected.
Four songs were put down in three days with Albini, although only one, the punky, abrasive ‘Chi-Town’ about a girl Ryan was going to marry before the band took off, made the cut. The band hope to return to E.A.R. to complete further sessions for their next record, which will include the as yet unissued remaining tracks. “We didn’t want to break them up really” says Gary, “but release them in one go”.
Drive back was great, for a while. The weather became better – sunny with some clouds. Beautiful tundra all around. It could have been of course a very wrong impression. But from the distance tundra looked fine. It was very unfortunate that we couldn’t camp there.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. I use a roasting pan with a rack but you can also use a regular roasting pan. Rinse turkey with cold water and pat dry with paper towels. Rub all over with spice rub, including inside the cavity. Quarter 1 lemon, squeeze juice over the turkey. Quarter 1/2 an onion and place both onion and lemon wedges in the cavity and the bottom of the pan. Add about 1 cup of chicken stock to the bottom of the pan and add more as necessary to baste while cooking. I cook the turkey breast side down on the rack because I think it results in a juicier turkey, albeit, slightly less pretty but I don't carve it at the table anyway. Cook according to package directions, approximately 15 minutes per pound, basting approximately every 30 minutes. Use a meat thermometer to ensure turkey is cooked to 170 degrees. If skin starts to become too brown, cover with a sheet of foil. Once the temperature is reached, cover with foil and let rest about 15 minutes before carving.
Kye, the reason I’m here. Kye, my brightly dyed, red haired best friend, disappeared three and a half years ago. This is the last place Andrew told me she was.
Ballerina Band
It's hard to believe, but the ranch has come to a close, and I'm home. I may be shipping off to Colorado on Saturday (I really hope not), but I'm here for all of today. Such a long time. The ranch though. Tuesday and most of Wednesday were fun-filled days of excitement where I laid in a bed with a raging fever. It lasted EXACTLY twenty-four hours, convincing me that diseases have some sort of evil consciousness. I can see them in their war room, cackling and planning. "What time period of sickness would be most annoying?" asks one. "A full twenty-four hours!" shouts another. "Here here!" The room erupts in a jubilee as my immune system acts up. It really sucked is what I'm getting at.
On Wednesday, September 14th, 2011, I interviewed one of the most interesting and controversial figures on Earth.
I have to plan what we will do if SHTF happens. Do we have skills and goods to barter? Should I dust off my dog bonding talents or horse skills that may possibly put bread and milk on our table in an hour of need? And where? One of my books-in-progress is about my visits to various American cities in search of the one where we could settle and feel at home again. I have not found this city.
When it became light outside I looked out the bedroom window to see about a dozen people roaming around, definitely zombie like, some of my first thoughts were, that I would have to somehow tell my boss why I will not be coming into work, then I realized how absurd that was, if my phone has no service and demonized people are lurking about, I am sure he is not too worried about me showing up.
With chronic laryngitis, TB may be suspected. Using an instrument called a laryngoscope, a doctor can examine the airway for redness, swelling, small bumps of tissue called nodules, and irritated pits in the tissue called ulcerations. Special skin testing (TB testing) will reveal if the person has been exposed to TB.
The government media at the time were used to the brim to humiliate the royalties. TV stations repeatedly showed old Malay movies depicting the “foolishness” of sultans of the past. Their newspapers flashed ignoble news disparaging families of royalties. And royalties were not given any chance to refute or defend themselves against all those allegations.
Finally, how does it write? It's a medium nib but the line isn't as wide as I would have thought. It's definitely wider than the fine points (Japanese and Western) that I use, but it's not as sloppy as my Faber-Castell Ambition medium (which verges on broad). What also caught my attention was how slim the pen feels in my hand, it's not heavy yet it looks like it might have a bit of weight to it. The cap feels very light, so you don't even notice it.
x x x x
The takeaway: Consumers’ perceived safety nets are often full of holes. Many funding sources they reference would not cover living expenses for an extended period. What’s more, most people don’t understand their disability insurance coverage—or even know if they have any.
Mark E. Petersen
Some more information about the Gosford Glyphs has become available since my last post , after observing my discussions at Save the Sacred Land at Kariong , a concerned citizen sent me a zip file containing some interesting photos.
Maria Menounas looks absolutely amazing…her sparkly white gown is gorgeous and her hair is perfect. I tell you, these hairstylists, make up artists and costumer designers do not get enough credit on this show. I have to say, she seems to also be struggling with her dance, the foxtrot. It definitely isn’t the easiest dance for her and it looks like she’s not as comfortable on the dance floor as she usually is. I do agree that the posture required during this dance can be a bit awkward but it’s definitely showing here. She slips on the stairs and just doesn’t exude her usual confidence. However, she gets plenty of raves from the judges and pretty good scores.
Except it wasn't him.
The next demonstration should be organised by a movement called “For A Democratic Europe” or something along those lines. Its primary aim should be about freedom of speech and no mention should be made in advance of Islam. On the day, under the name of free speech, the supporters could carry banners reading “Democracy Not Theocracy” — “No To Honour Killings” — “We Disagree With Colonisation Everywhere” — “Is The EU Totalitarian” — “Free Speech For Europeans” — “Equal Rights For Muslim Women” — Homosexual Rights Before Religion” etc. etc.
For WAB, again, build your unit as you see fit. Many people already bases cavalry in twos for ease of transportation, moving them on the table, and even modeling opportunities. Again, I recommend about half of the unit in single 40×20 bases.
4) It reminded me of people at my old church towards whom I still harbor resentment. Coincidentally, on Sunday I went to church (a new church not the old one) for the first time in, I think, more than a year and I ran into two of the talkers who were in my dream. Yep, I still despise them.
or really bad...
I dare not grasp or put my will upon
A little further down the highway that runs through this valley, there's a side road which leads to Goosenecks State Park. There, at an overlook, the San Juan River winds through a gorge with a view that's almost a mirror image of the beautiful and breathtaking road we'd just come down. We arrived late in the evening, in time to take a look before dusk settled in.
I am bullied by the waiter into ordering desert as he reminds me it is included in the price and he smiles knowingly when I order ‘caramel pudding’ He obviously knows that it’s made entirely of powdered egg! He laughs when he collects my plate – not fooled by the napkin I have covered the remains of the pudding with. We wander back to the hotel for an earlyish night – the rain seems to have stopped but it’s bloody cold….I think of these smug bastards in Prague guzzling beer on the terrace in their shorts, and hope we improve our restaurant choice tomorrow.
Fabric with numbers or fabric selvage for house number
Hello and happy wednesday! Seems like the sun finally found her way to our town and I hope she´ll stay for a while. I am really in the summer mood now - and so I made a summer-ish card, sent from the sea, made for the new challenge at Whiff Of Joy. Lace and pearls is what we picked for you this time.
This calculation demonstrates that the seventieth week of Daniel cannot begin on December 21, 2012 because it would be at odds with the designation of when the End Times will end after adding 2520 days from the start of the seventieth week of Daniel.
(ii) the trader also has the combined mark comprising graphic device and word mark registered as a Community trade mark?
6 Man on the Run
In the book, Peter, a little African-American boy living in Brooklyn, wakes up to a snowy day, puts on his red snowsuit and goes outside with "a stick just right for knocking snow off of trees, and a snowball in his pocket."
Or she has found something she likes and wants to offer you that information, too. (Therefore, here is the Wolff & Descourtis fine wool shawl, which "E.A." asked to see after I named it as one of my five best buys of last year.)
No one judges him.
I re-wore my 1950s red dress styled with Victory rolls, a vintage hair snood and wedge shoes. In hindsight, the shoes were not such a good idea. My feet were killing me by the time that we got home. But I did score on some very neat finds. My cousin found me long red gloves that match my dress. I also picked up two vintage military hats - a ladies airforce hat and an army hat. I have always wanted to do vintage military outfits, and now this is the perfect opportunity. I also picked up some vintage underwear - 3 half slips and 1 full slip and a 1940s style floral dress. I find it strange in that a year ago, there is no way that I would have found vintage slips, but this year there was an abundance. My dad also scored well - he got a full 1970s suit. It fits him perfectly and looks really great.
On platform level there are about 8-10 seats before the barriers and two vending machines. There were a number of people already on the platform and a few empty seats along the sides. The cross on the diagram is where I sat to observe. I was aware that the girl sitting to my right might catch on to the fact that I was observing if I kept looking round back toward the barrier and then writing in my notebook so instead I focused on the two groups of people in front of me. There was a group of 3 girls and 2 older women, probably the girls mothers. The all had handbags but no other luggage and were waiting on the same Glasgow train as me. I thought that it was highly likely that they were going on a day long shopping trip. They bought coffee and hot chocolate from the little coffee shop and stood around in a circle drinking it. There were not enough seats for them to sit down all together and although there were 5 free seats, four of them were next to people already sitting down (myself included). When more people came through the barrier they also did not sit down. Some proceeded straight to the platform and a few stood looking at the departures board. There seemed to be a kind of rule that you cannot really sit next to another person that you don't know, this is something that I have noticed before and the seats are usually only full when the station is really busy. It would be better if there were more seats on platform level, but the problem would be finding the space to put them in. When the group of ladies had finished their hot drinks there were no bins for them to put their cups in, not even the clear plastic bags on a hoop that you sometimes see at rail stations not, so that the contents are clearly visible. There are usually no bins because of the threat of terrorist attack. This is a problem for passengers especially if they have a lot of luggage to carry as well, they do not want to hold on to an empty cup. It would be better if there was a bin specially designed for rail stations that meant that people could dump their ribbish and could also rule out the possibility that dangerous items could also be dumped.
Although the weather drizzled a little
1) Prepare way more questions than you think you need, then double that. I ran through all my questions in the first half of the show and had to scramble to figure out what to fill the second half with.
There will be a post tomorrow, but instead of the usual Sunday in London, I’m planning on posting something cute for Easter. Let’s just say I got a little creative with pompoms, pipe cleaners, and wiggly eyes! Sundays in London will return next week with new musings and pictures.
Looking forward to a sister weekend next week with my sister Betsy! Yay!
Chuckies
Look at the first "lamp" in my diagram. The shadow it leaves on the ground mimics the shape that we know the object would have in real life. So we have the cast shadow of the whole image.
We quickly settled into a couch in the back of the cafe. One of the cats quickly found our laps and settled next to us. We were surrounded by an ecclectic collection of English and Turkish books about every topic and place (I even found an old book about the Pacific Northwest). We skimmed through the collection of books about Istanbul, and chatted about the week. We ordered wine and chocolate cake, and quickly achieved a state of perfect contentment. Everything on the menu is homemade, and succeeds in every way to make you feel at home, while also providing you with an opportunity to eat what you miss the most from home. We quickly and joyously devoured the cake, as the evenings performers began to play.
“The violence in Syria must be stopped by all parties, and the necessary decisions may only be reached through an open political process led by Syrians themselves,” the Ambassador said.
*Do not run away!
Now, mind you, I thought I was making a lunch sack. I figured one of my girls would probably use it and I wanted to make sure that their lunches (including their drink bottle) would fit so I opted for the instructions for the large bag.
I have a friend who has worked at Oxfam for many years. So I’m not unsympathetic to disaster-hit countries. She was recently in a country even I had barely heard of.
1. May 8 Tuesday: Trivia Night at London Bridge Pub
That evening we had purchased tickets to see Mike Birbiglia's comedy show. Before that we had to try another amazing restaurant. Char and Di know all the hotspots. Caracas. Venezuelan food. Arepas. Amazing. Then to the show.
Most toys are educational in some respect, however the best educational toys allow a lot of interaction between the child and the toy. For instance, a wind-up toy that can only be wound up and then let go does not encourage a great deal of interaction. After winding it up, the child must sit and watch the toy do whatever it does. But a little car with no winding mechanism must be driven by the child. It can go up the side of the sofa and into all kinds of corners and crevices that the wind-up toy cannot go into. The child can build a garage from blocks or books for the car and pretend a great many things with it. The wind-up toy does not really encourage the use of imagination like the car does.
He escorts Liam to the front of the diner, where the body lies underneath the tarp.
9. 3/21/2010. Working. Meditating on class issues and a sense of being outside. I think again at this point I was shut out of Ph.D. programs the second year in a row.
Electric cars, magnet-powered telekinesis, morphing bras and mankinis: it’s all in there.
I just write as me and as words come out.
The Day the World Ended by Eoen Cohn (poetry)
get this e-mail.
But this isn’t about romanticizing the ocean as an image of falling in love. This is about trying to make sense of falling in and out of love.
At no point does it feel malicious, or even trolling. As I say, only the part where he laughs at the people who took part was I even remotely offended. In fact, I was tempted to just let the whole thing pass by. However, as it became the topic of discussion and did directly involve me I didn’t want to do that. I wanted to address it and in doing so I still don’t have a clear picture of why it bothered him to the point of over two minutes of discussion (and for those who don’t think that’s much time, time the next radio newscast you hear and realize how much is normally talked about in two minutes).
I've set up a few blog posts to post into the future while I'm gone, but I won't be able to @ anyone if they comment, so just to let you know I'm not ignoring you.
Expect a Ngiting Mister Donut to come your way with any of these Merrygalos. Whether you’re caught in the holiday rush or just looking for yummy Christmas treats, drop by any of Mister Donut’s 1,000 stores nationwide and get the yummiest gift that’s worth giving. Because with Mister Donut’s Merrygalos, may smile sa bawat kagat, may regalo para sa lahat!
Needless to say, after that interview I had to read the book. Throughout most of it, I forgot that it wasn’t fiction. The book begins with a young, garbage sorter hiding from the cops after being accused of a horrible crime. I wondered how much could he have to lose?
-Psylocke tells Wolvie she was leaving the team, since she'd been battered recently with the death of Warren(kind of...) and her brother Jamie.
I love you buddy! Happy 3rd birthday big guy!
Everyone considers the ancient sage and teacher Confucius to be the great master, even Lao Tzu bows down to him, but even Confucius acknowledges that he himself was taught by a master.
Heat up wok and put in 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil. Put in the garlic and sauté it until fragrant. Throw in the ginger and carrot. Add Chinese chives flowers and light soya sauce. Stir fry for a short while and add in the Chinese cooking wine. Add vegetarian oyster sauce and salt to taste. Pour a little corn flour and water mixture to make to thicken the gravy. Serve with steamed rice.
“Um … because we did that in Men in Black?”
Another great thing about the iPad is the Kindle app. I *loooove* my Kindle app. So, you can have the best of both worlds on the iPad. I use Noterize to read and annotate my PDFs and the Kindle app for pleasure reading. And all of this aside, the iPad does not replace actual books in my world... I still spend a ton of time in the library, carting home physical books for research. Plus, I really love reading in the bathtub... Obviously, I can't take my iPad in there with me, so I still buy books for pleasure reading that I don't mind getting a little damp. :)
He had her there. “Go away, Ty. I need to close up.” She fumbled in her bag for her keys.
Check out the band here too.
Sending You These Greetings
But I’m no martyr. No victim of life or qadr.
Following his HSN premiere, Turner will interact with HSN's Facebook fans during a live post-concert chat.
Then again, I think I heard somewhere that you shouldn't believe everything you read on the Internet so take this with at least one crashed jetliner's worth of salt.
ORIGINAL SCORE
"At this time? Right now? Yeah....maybe!"
Those living things show me our Living God.
She will start rebuilding in a few weeks hopefully. If anyone is near Nashville and would like to help out with construction when we get started let me know. We'll need all the help we can get!
i wanted to cry. i tried to still blame drunk drivers in icy conditions.
All of the independent experts, who are not in the pay or salary of the anti-smoker industry, agree that this piece of ideological revenge to destroy legitimate industry, in spite of its law abiding consumers and the thousands of unnecessary job losses, will not stop young people smoking.
MyHeritage.com has a fun application on their site which scans face pictures and, using some kind of futuristic facial recognition software, compares that face to a celebrity.
Something I do and still and practicing but I find it very helpful is every time I have a judgement about myself I try to reverse it or replace it. So if i think “i’m fat and need to lose weight” i replace it with ” I’m getting healthy and still working on gaining which means i am not fat”. I use logic and rationale to attack the judgement. Sometimes i can’t turn it around so i replace it with another thought.
The Collective Media Magic Team is sponsoring a great prize package for any dad! Just Like June, Have Sippy Will Travel, Closer To Lucy, 3 Princes and A Princess 2, and That's What She Said are accepting sign-ups now. You will receive one free link of your choice on our rafflecopter form.
My mother died suddenly and unexpectedly when I was 12. My dad's mistress moved in within a month of my mother's death, and, while my dad took me to one counseling session soon after my mother died, when I refused to speak, I guess he gave up. After that, my dad and his new wife never mentioned my mother again - in fact, they pretended as though nothing had happened. I had no idea how to deal with my mom's death. And my dad was too busy with my step-mother to pay attention to me or
yeah, that deserves a post all of its own --
I am sure there are more that are less than 4.5%, but I'm can't seem to remember any more. If you know of more that are below 4.5% that will be available on April 7th please leave a note.
Trees were planted, weeds cleared away where absolutely necessary, beds watered, beds prepared, all these people involved in their own space, with the sun and the smells shining on.
These people dislike Catholicism because they’re psychologically biased by their non-Catholic genealogy. They may see themselves as open-minded people but longstanding biases, extending back for generations, discourage them from exploring the Catholic vision on its own terms, as it stands today.
I immediately bookmarked this site when Maria of Dreamy Whites blogged about it here last November. Kimberley Bell's line of linens and tweeds are "inspired by vintage and french fabrics and an eclectic mix of all the things I love."
Unlike most guys that I know, I made a decission some years ago, that it was a good idea to actually go to a doctor whenever I was suffering from unexplained symptoms.
The reason isn't hard to fathom. Even now, with late Sixties gross-out thoroughly rehabilitated (to the point of orthodoxy) the LPD's orbit of reference points is at the furthest fringe of the "acceptable". LPD's temerity has been to: a) cite not just Pink Floyd but prog rockers Amon Duul, Mafma and Soft Machine as their influences; b) attempt a rehabilitation of the concept album, compose 21 minute pieces (like "premonition 13", included here). British post-punk pigheadness can't
There’s more gossip! Go to the next page to find out about Mel Gibson’s latest meltdown!
Analytics123.com is dedicated to issues important to business leaders who are also passionate about analytics. Basically, any issues that would be of interest to me and others like me! If you find anything interesting and would like to know more, please email me at lin@analytics123.com.
For the sake of love, he listened to her.
As stories in a best-of-the-year volume ought to be.
My OB isn't concerned with his weight, saying he's always measured a little small. The breech part is the issue. At this point there's really no turning him since there isn't much room in there for him to move. Trying to turn him could result in several things other than working: extremely painful, not effective, or an emergency c-section. So, we've scheduled our c-section, and Nolan is due to arrive Tuesday, November 16 @ noon!
I'm also a huge fan of loose leaf teas because I find the texture and color of different kinds of tea interesting.
what I love about catching me unawares is the special
the Governor knowing that the
March 3rd
CNN's Political Ticker headlines with "Group's new ad pegs Obama to Wall Street," which provides more details on the video ad shown above.
You are getting sleepy...sleeeepy....
It is said that Brigid was born at Faughart near Dundalk, Louth, Ireland, to Dubhthach, an Irish chieftain of Lienster, and Brocca, a slave at his court.
Here are my latest pics...
I’ve already covered why I think this is wrong from the perspective of a “featured” author, but indeed, what about visitors and followers? It was my material that brought them here, after all. They saw something in The Bard of Steel that they felt –bless their hearts– was worth coming back to. And now, it’s possible that by featuring the work of other people here I’m copping out in their eyes, blatantly brown-nosing and mooching for attention. Looking at things objectively, they would have a valid reason to think that. They want to see me write and I’m coming short on my promise to do that.
But, you know something, if society is going to treat me like I’m getting in the way, then that’s exactly what I’ll do. I’ll start acting my age. And you know what that means, don’t you? That’s right. I’m going to really get in your way.
In the vast majority of the world’s languages, the word for “mother” begins with the letter “M.”
Cheesecloth, Stickles, 3D Gloss, Die-cut, Twinklets & Dew Drops from my stash
“She was more proud of getting a boyfriend than anything,” mom said. Neither woman can be identified because the now 25-year-old woman is an alleged victim of sexual assault and human trafficking. But that boyfriend and others seized on her insecurities and led her down a path of drugs to a hollow place of abuse, violence and degradation.
Experts have said the results are 'very encouraging' and were a 'paradigm' shift in treatment of the disease.
“Cathedrals are incredible testaments to human endeavour. It is not only their grandeur or splendour, but the thought that they often took more than fifty years to build. Those who designed them, those who first worked on them, knew for certain that they would never see them finished. They knew only that they were creating something glorious which would stand for centuries, long after their own names had been forgotten…..
My village
When someone, like John Smid, announces a change of heart and seeks to make amends, (after overseeing a residential program that brought misery and confusion to hundreds if not thousands,) I believe that reconciliation with the community he harmed is a process that needs to be conducted thoughtfully and sensitively. If a family member has abused others and then repents, it is complex and difficult work to bring that person back into family life and gatherings. Not impossible, but I believe we must not overlook history or the gravity of offenses committed.
The whole nose-to-tail philosophy is something I really do feel strongly about. Eating meat is a luxury that comes with responsibilities. Sustainability, humane treatment of animals, minimising environmental impact and using our natural resources efficiently are all issues that should be considered with every food choice we make.
I haven’t seen Janis and her wife, Dina, since sometime before Kevin died. Over the years we’ve communicated through emails and on rare occasions, via phone calls, but we haven’t physically been in the same place together since around the time of Kevin’s passing. They were actually his friends before they were mine; they were two of the few people he was willing to come out to back then, and because I was a part of his life then, he introduced me to them. We’ve always liked each other, a great deal.
Section 4 goes far to settle the legislative intention of this phase of Act No. 671. Section 4 stipulates that “the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder shall be in full force and effect until the Congress of the Philippines shall otherwise provide.” The silence of the law regarding the repeal of the authority itself, in the face of the express provision for the repeal of the rules and regulations issued in pursuance of it, a clear manifestation of the belief held by the National Assembly that there was no necessity to provide for the former. It would be strange if having no idea about the time the Emergency Powers Act was to be effective the National Assemble failed to make a provision for this termination in the same way that it did for the termination of the effects and incidents of the delegation. There would be no point in repealing or annulling the rules and regulations promulgated under a law if the law itself was to remain in force, since, in that case, the President could not only make new rules and regulations but he could restore the ones already annulled by the legislature.
What was left? The love of a mother and her two children, finally free from all that had bound them. Free to be us. Free to live. Free to breathe. Free to express. Free to hug. Free, free, free, free, free!
10) Women: The Church’s Most Wasted Resource But for many women (particularly wives and mothers), leaving doesn’t mean walking away; more often it means showing up without being present. Women often do this because they want their husbands and children to grow spiritually.
This seems a reasonable summation as far as it goes: but as I posted exclusively earlier this year, there is evidence that both Nicolas Sarkozy and the US had Christine Lagarde lined up for the IMF job (and gave her all the help they could to get it) long before DSK’s arrest and subsequent disgrace. This doesn’t prove they were involved in the events at the Sofitel, but the intent is there.
It seems like the whole CJ system is an administrative blip..
Here are some of my favorite tools that help make my cooking hour easier.
To use the sander I just fixed a piece of wood to one end of the plywood sheet so that I could grip it in the large vice I have in my shed, it also makes it easy to store as well, and as space is currently at a premium in my shed easily storing things is handy.
He is pleased with
When privileged 17-year-old Jasmine gets kicked out of her house, she takes what is left of her savings and flees to Santa Cruz to pursue her dream of becoming a musician. Jasmine finds the ideal room in an oceanfront house, but she needs to convince the three guys living there that she's the perfect roommate and lead guitarist for their band, C-Side. Too bad she has major stage fright and the cute bassist doesn't think a spoiled girl from over the hill can hack it. . .
Don't let the community end here. I hope to see all of you back at The Clarity of Night and on your own blogs. Link to each other and give your insights and gifts freely. If you'd like, I will definitely trade links and visit you on your own blogs.
*Please note that i have done 2 magic tactics in regards to our lores, please read them for a more in depth look*
The Top Section
Because… I was dependent upon sugar. It was my friend when I was alone. It was my joy when I was bored. It was my comforter when I was sad. It was my peace when I was stressed. It was my healer when I was sick. I needed sugar… to get through life. I was entirely dependent upon it.
“Thank you for contacting us. I sincerely apologise for the delay in writing to you,” wrote a Melwyn D’souza of British Airways Customer Relations, pretending to reply to my original complaint. Except that BA had acknowledged my original complaint as Customer Relations Case ID 9861799 and the non-anagramatic Melwyn D’souza quoted Case Reference 9822503.
How easy it could have been
yourself to the long task
It has nothing to do with either knowledge or skill.
SUN. 9/28 - ANDREW'S BAD STUFF and more @ the OLD TOWNE PUB in Pasadena, 9pm. 66 N. Fair Oaks Ave. 626-577-6583. Rock.
18 What Kind Of Girl Do You Think We Are 6:45
There is also a section of the video when David is asked what makes him sad which I find particularly interesting. David is asked what makes him happy and sad and he comes out with wide clichéd answers, ‘war’ makes him sad, ‘children laughing’ makes him happy, and then proceeds to explain that he knows what makes humans tick and therefore can integrate with them perfectly. I cannot help but feel, however, that communicating with him would be like communicating with Google; it knows what you like and some of your habits but it doesn’t know you. I see that the lack of emotion and ability to individualise people would become a problem and I hope it is a major theme in the movie.
Ripe kerala banana (ethapazham/nendra pazham ) - 4
Joel had been cleaning out garbage cans, and one had rotten fruit or something in it, so he set it out on the deck filled with soapy water to work on it later. I'm sure I don't need to tell you what happened next, but Chippy was attracted to the rotten fruit and the rest is history.
A statement from AMISOM said Lt. Gen Gutti takes over from Major General Fred Mugisha during whose tenure, AMISOM forces helped drive the Al-Qaida-affiliated terror group, Al-Shabaab, from fixed positions in Mogadishu, ushering in the longest sustained period of relative peace that the Somali capital has had since the collapse of central government in 1991. His appointment comes at a time when AMISOM is expanding across the country having secured the capital.
Mark my words. If we don’t choke off the endless flow of unchecked information soon our county will lose its focus, its purpose and its all encompassing belief in the rightness of its actions. And that, I’m afraid, leads to nothing introspection, questioning, weakness and decline.
I had a day full of conference calls then teacher conferences then two 5 year olds talking nonstop and I just felt DONE. I told him I needed quiet. And then I explained the words extrovert and introvert. How he gets energy the more he talks, and I lose energy the more he talks. And I was completely out of energy and getting cranky, so I needed some quiet to recharge.
Hence the solution of one enigma, the old 10 to 20 :m discrepancies, has led to yet
I wrote down the paint formula I used to arrive at the background I laid down (over top of the pages), so I think I can replicate this, if anyone wants to commission me to paint one for them.
So many people have supported me this past year: friends and family waving pom-poms, editors offering priceless advice, betas displaying saintly patience, followers who are just as crazy as I am, but most of all, an agent who is heaven sent.
Juan Pablo Alvarez Cisneros, 23, Weehawken, N.J.
It's not really a beer.
In my last post I mentioned that I started the South Beach diet plan. Like most people, I have a hard time sticking to diets. Before I went gung-ho with this, I told myself that I was giving up junk food. Just – done. No more. Then one day I was at the store and happened to wander down the chip aisle.
No apologies, no explanations. This is what you get:
He is not capable.
A while back (8 days, 19 hours and 15 minutes ago to be exact) I was asked a very intriguing question. I had finished a post apologizing to Earth for the fact that we are a bunch of stupid idiots when I was “tagged” by a person named Angrygorillaemissions. (You should go peruse this blog, just so you know)
And so, after several months of feeling incredibly good and healthy, I became a bit of a slacker. Not that this was a terrible thing. I maintained my weight, and I ate only paleo approved foods. But somewhere inside I knew I just didn't feel quite right anymore. I needed to recommit.
a) The rights of Madeleine (the third Applicant) to her moral and physical integrity and to a fair and adequate investigation into her disappearance, in the future;
Sunday was the first time I was away from a family I love; it was also a time to get to know a new family. The reality of leaving hurt. For the first time, I wondered if that was how those who preceded us felt when they left. But God met me at this new place; we may relocate, but God is always with us. The message He gave me at our new place of worship was about doing things on His terms, not mine; and keeping my ears attuned to His voice.
Here’s step by step instructions on our Tangled Fondant Rapunzel Tower Cake:
Everybody (presumably) has already been Put Down as part of the natural order of this wacky mission. The Survey promises them one last resurrection, into Earth, into a new life in a future they never imagined, hopefully a peaceful and well-rewarded one.
What can I say when I
SPEAKER: John Braheny is a top consultant/coach for songwriters, writer/artists and music industry entrepreneurs. His book, The Craft and Business of Songwriting has sold over 70,000 copies (Currently in 3rd Edition). John music career has encompassed many years as a solo acoustic performer, songwriter, followed by recording artist and commercial jingle writer/producer. He and Len Chandler founded and ran the legendary Los Angeles Songwriters Showcase (1971-1996). He's past president of California Copyright Conference (www.theCCC.org ), and served for eight years on the L.A. Chapter Board of Governors of N.A.R.A.S (www.Grammy.com ). He conducted, edited and produced more than 50 interviews with hit songwriters and producers for United Airlines Inflight Entertainment. He's a consultant and screener for TAXI.com, teacher and journalist. For a full bio on John and his critique/consulting services, go to www.johnbraheny.com
7. Strong desire to order that FREE District Identification Pass from thehungergamesmovie.com. (I decided against this because, Why on earth would I be working as a Ferrier living in District 1?? That’s ridiculous.)
Brr-ownies were on my short list and she really wanted brownies as well. I ask you, what could be better than the cool taste of peppermint in the middle of summer? Nothing! :) These were simple to make: one bowl, one cutting board, a knife, a spatula and a whisk. I didn't have to pull out the big equipment which is good since I destroyed my food processor. If you get a chance to make these please do (except for you Ang, I don't think you will like them). They are delicious.
Lemon Juice : 1tbsp
but i totally forgot.
'Before the wedding night, you paint your one ball red and the other ball blue.
These are words and phrases I cannot stand. We are going to be doing some renovations on our 'big room'. This room is called the big room because that is all it is, a big, effin' room. It is about 40x14 feet. When we bought the house we knew that it was used as a rec room. We were not going to use it for that purpose however because there was another larger room that was perfect for a large tv and a comfy couch. Now, keep in mind this is a 1950's Cape Cod style home. Large rooms a a little odd and are usually additions on a house. The reason the prior and first owners of the house did this was because they had 7 kids...in 3 bedrooms.
♥ OPI Nicki Minaj Nail Polish in Pink Friday.
“There’s been a shift towards a 'better safe than sorry’ approach towards those working or involved with children that isn’t based on logic,” says Helene Guldberg, Open University psychologist and author of Reclaiming Childhood: Freedom and Play in an Age of Fear. “We have absurd situations where you can’t take photographs of your own child in public places, or a man isn’t allowed to sit beside an unaccompanied child on an aircraft, and this assumption of guilt, of sinister motivation, is really corrosive to society.”
none other than just a poor poor repeat
Turns out it wasn't Poison Ivy, but an allergic reaction due to my worsening seasonal allergies.
I rolled out early and headed for the computer (disregarding the dog wanting feed before sunrise and before going out). I wanted my morning fix of blogs. That’s the equivalent of saying I rose sick this morning.
“There will be a vast majority of entertainment such as food and Japanese Taiko drumming, and Afro-Cuban, gospel and Irish music.
Happy weekend everyone, xoxo
“I…I can’t stand this!”
Associate Professor Brian P. Farrell
Chick on her name above to see a photo of her last week.
First of all, HAPPY BIRTHDAY Elizabeth. My sister celebrates her ___th birthday today (I don't know if she cares, but I don't want to get in trouble). I love you!!!
Ok, well, it's not really me only, but my picture (from the about me, facebook, twitter...) is the one linked with the story.
A diverse mix of hard rock, blues, punk, and psych, all with a semi-garage flavor, and fairly non-commercial orientation. Grades - 1 A, 2 B's, 3 B-'s, and a C. This issue is anumbered micro-press of 350 copies.
On top of that i checked my ebay account to find the items i am selling has gone up to £93 with still 3 days to go on it so hopefully theres a little bit of money coming my way. Searched through ebay typing in random words and you do have to questions some people mentality with what they will actualy try to sell.
I’m starting my official blog to document my live, family, and passion for photography. I’ve been on a little break since getting married a little over 6 months ago so there’s been a lot of adjustment. Any newly married couple can relate, but fortunately I have a very supportive wife, family, and most of all God to help me along this journey.
This article is not intended to upset or offend anyone who may have gone through the pain of termination. My sympathies are with anyone who has experienced pregnancy loss of any form.
The ones I like most so far are:
He walks on the water out to the ball and hits it within a foot of the hole
I consider myself incredibly fortunate to be who and what I am. I'm fortunate to be living at a time when somehow stars aligned and allowed an opportunity for an otherwise resigned soul who dared to imagine what it could be like on the other side of fear. And I think it's always important to remember where you come from because those are my roots. They just are. Whether I choose to accept that they're still a part of me or to otherwise justify that it was simply a phase that I've outgrown doesn't change how important I feel it is to go back and visit my past to truly appreciate my present and to re-energize me for the possibilities in my future.
When the toilet-paper roll is barren, you resort to Kleenex (-1)
Caitin at All About Growing Up and Becoming a Famous Author tagged me in this meme, which I've been following around bloggerland and really enjoying. I love the title of Caitin's blog - it reminds me of all the dreams I had as a child.
But there's a bit of humour to be found in everything if you look closely enough:
Sonfish Gear is proud to offer a unique fundraising program which allows groups to purchase products at wholesale prices and resell for fundraising. This is an exciting way to switch it up from the usual church car wash and bake sale, to offering a variety of quality Christian apparel and accessory products. To find out more about Sonfish Gear's fundraising opportunities, click HERE!
* Cabbage, use normal white, spring cabbage or pointed cabbage. Pointed cabbage is sweeter and takes a lot less time to cook.
While I was at my grandparents house over the Easter weekend I took a look around the house my family has loving dubbed "The Shrine". I noticed that we could all learn about being our own historians...
Thanks for reading.
At a recent annual Satellite Navigation Forum in Moscow, Russia’s deputy prime minister Vladislav Surkov said that more than 300 billion roubles (£6bn, $10.2bn) have been budgeted to further develop Glonass and bring 30 satellites into operation by 2020.
We had the whole huge space to ourselves,
rhinestone suits Elvis used to wear.
This is Brittney our tour guide for the Olive Tour. The machine she is standing next to is called the Expeller. You pour the olives into the top of it and it basically presses the olive out of them.
My first introduction to this marvelous style was when I was strolling through The Bombay Company many years ago. During those days, they had a series of coffee tables, secretariats, side tables and various other products made in the British campaign style. I remember being taken with the look almost immediately. The clean lines, the natural wood, the brass fittings… all spoke to me of a time when the practicalities of life in the field did not mean giving up the niceties of life! In fact, the harder the cross-country ordeal, the more of a need to be reminded of England and what exactly one was fighting for out in the wilds. It is precisely when one is put in primitive conditions that one should cling all the more strongly to one’s civilized manner and style of life.
I ate :
Rauch then moved to with what he felt was a vital important point for everyone to know, whether consumer, restaurant owner, supermarket owner, fishermen, etc. He claimed that when a fish is legally caught by a U.S. mandated fishery, then it is sustainable, considering the fact that the U.S. fishing industry is the most highly regulated in the world. This presupposes that their scientific assessments are fully accurate. Sustainability thus becomes a black and white issue, easily determined by adherence to the government mandate. But can it really be that simple?
peck out of their crackled wax-dyed shells.
You don't have to use a KD image to play along or to be entered in the random drawing for 2nd and 3rd place. In order to be chosen card of the week and your choice of 3 digis, you'll need to use a KD image.
356Glance on the stone where our cold relics lie,
that his mere presence can bring
This post about Squash and Stretch is more of a conceptual discussion. I talk about this sometimes when I'm giving talks to students, and it's a very important concept in my mind, but I get the feeling that people usually think I'm overstating the case or just crazy. But in my mind this is a big deal.
Much kneeling–hands up at Zoo.
Here is my word count per day:
I have such a hard time getting a soft edge with acrylics. So I thought of giving a sponge a try. I like it. These clouds look softer than anything I've produced so far.
like when sensations at the faucet are what
Finn makes sense?
From ICFD website:
Along with the "everyone has to start somewhere" fallacy, the "you have to know someone" myth is one of the most pernicious, because it convinces many writers that it's not even worth trying for commercial publication. Instead of boldly querying the top agents who can get their manuscripts onto the desks of editors at big publishing houses, or going direct to the reputable independent publishers that accept unagented submissions, many writers who buy into this myth confine their queries to amateur or track-recordless agents, or decide to self-publish, or approach only micro-presses. Of course, while hooking up with an amateur agent is never a good move, self- or micro-press publication can be entirely appropriate in the right circumstances. But if you have commercial ambitions, it's probably not the best place to start--especially if you haven't even given the commercial route a chance. You'll never know whether you could have succeeded if you don't try.
Guess what? Any course about Islam that is not a fanciful whitewash is going to contain derogatory material about Islam because Islam is based on principles such as supremacism and censorship, not to mention practices such as polygamy, slavery and killing apostates, all of which free people consider reprehensible — hence “derogatory.”
The Japanese cocktail was one of the first cocktails ever made. One of a handful of cocktail recipes published in Jerry Thomas's seminal cocktail guide, The Bar-Tender's Guide (1862), the Japanese is a wonderful drink that too often gets forgotten. Sure, most cocktail bloggers know it, as well as craft bartenders, but how often do you see someone actually order one. Perhaps the sole reason for this is that the Japanese cocktail is a bit sweeter than many contemporary cocktails. Notoriously in the nineteenth century, drinkers had more of a sweet tooth than drinkers today. And considering how much attention bitter cocktails receive these days, it seems that the Japanese will remain more commonly spoken about than drank.
I have a quick post today! (No, really!) I simply needed to enter the Fantabulous Cricut challenge this week, which is to make a mini Valentiny card! It can only be 3x3... how sweet is that? It was a bit daunting for me at first. I love minis (and all of the DT ladies did amazing), but I have never made one. I wasn't sure I could make something cute in such a tiny package. So I decided to start with a tiny creature to deliver my message...
Amy’s Organic Light in Sodium – Cream of Tomato Soup
It was a HOT day! So glad we decided to involve water in our outdoor activity for the day. We also made sure to stop by the only Jamba Juice in the whole state and satisfy our smoothie cravings (or maybe just my smoothie craving) Mmmm they were good! I LOVE Jamba Juice!
4. If you were a crayon, what color would you be and why?
'Now go and strike Amalek and utterly destroy all that he has, and do not spare him; but put to death both man and woman, child and infant, ox and sheep, camel and donkey.' "
I made a joke back then about how The Caveman Room (yes, I believe it warrants initial caps) would not be complete without costumery. So I got to work figuring out how I could possibly construct a loincloth for my poor, darling, shy husband.
Other: Flower-Prima; Ranger Industries: Liquid Pearls - Platinum Pearl
Get any useful twitter names and start using them. This might be the title, or the name of a key character. Gillian Philip has @sethmacgregor for one of her characters, for instance.
I also hate the fact that most people would only remember you if it’s your birthday. They would ask for a “birthday treat”, or expect to be invited to a “party” even though the only existing communication we have is once a year, through text.
If you necessity to dramatically gain power, evolve original habits of mind. Rite a nearedian and you'll see that she has housebroken her listen to wait for the "diametric viewpoint" on familiar things. You can educate your head to do the said.
Most rooms(‘cabins’) are steerage size too, with bunk beds and little elbow room. Shared bathrooms are down the narrow corridor. If the hotel were to go under in a flash flood of the neighbouring Hudson River, we wouldn’t all make it to the life boats. For any concerned about this remote possibility, larger ‘Captain’s cabins’ with ensuites are also available.
Oprah Winfrey travelled to Auschwitz in 2006, accompanied by Holocaust survivor Elie Wiesel. Oprah said: “I feel a sense of communion with the spirits of those who died and those who survived to bear witness. I have never felt more human.” – (Oprah Winfrey, Auschwitz, January 2006.) Well Oprah, my dear queen, have you then no communion at all with the spirits of those who have died in the South African Genocide? Is there a difference between the Auschwitz spirits and the White South African spirits, or are you patiently waiting for the number of killings to increase before speaking out?
“……you mean we get to REST?”
This post, however, isn’t simply a fairy tale lesson about giving people a chance beyond their initial external impressions. As a marketer, a personal brand and a content producer, I often wonder if we should intentionally play to the idea that not only will we be judged by our covers, but some times that creates a wonderful story. In other words, the sweet ain’t as sweet without the sour, right? Nearly all classic epic stories involve characters that eventually achieve glory, but only through harrowing struggles. Without these struggles, without the villains, without the hurdles and roadblocks…would our stories be as compelling or even relatable?
Figure 4: A comparison between average weekly YoY wage growth, RPI and household consumption expenditure in the UK. Source: ONS, Eurostat.
Later that day at dinnertime Olivia and Andy sat next to each other. Andy would sometimes reach over and caress Olivia’s leg or arm. If she was bothered by it, she certainly didn’t show it.
The Acoustic Roots Music Festival will be held at Upland Brewing Company on Saturday, May 12. It’s a family-friendly event with a line-up of incredible local Bloomington artists. This event is a fundraiser for WFHB and tickets are only $10. Contact Mike at 812-325-5035 or mike@visitbloomington.com to get tickets.
Pastis - for simple French.
Becca: Linds, you know what I just realized?
Reply Forwardjust is not available to chat
I guess what it comes down to is that I just can’t fucking trust him and that really hurts. I give this man everything, and I do mean EVERYTHING, he asks for and a lot of things he doesn’t ask for. I don’t know what more I could do for him.
Now it will be interesting to see how Camping responds if he even has any followers to listen to him anymore (not because they have been raptured). But my heart goes out to all of his followers because they have been duped and blinded by Camping and Satan is just enjoying himself to death (literally). I don’t think it is a stretch to say that some people will turn to thoughts of suicide and go into deep depression. I hope that this will pull the cover off of Camping’s misleading teaching and enable some of these people to be open to the truth.
== The real winners in a Santorum nomination? Libertarians! ==
Few Chinese companies have the systematic ability to develop a deep understanding of customers’ problems. Domestic players have traditionally had a manufacturing-led focus on reapplying existing business models to deliver products for fast-growing markets. These “push” models will find it increasingly hard to unlock pockets of profitable growth. Shifting from delivery to creation requires more local research and development, as well as the nurturing of more market-driven organizations that can combine insights into detailed Chinese customer preferences with a clear sense of how the local business environment is evolving. Requirements include both research techniques relevant to China and people with the experience to draw out actionable customer insights.
The above passage is from Clark Howard’s 1979 book, Zebra: The true account of the 179 days of terror in San Francisco. I inserted ellipses, because Howard’s list contains both those who were murdered and those who were grievously wounded in San Francisco. I separated the groups into two lists. Herewith the wounded:
Fall, I miss you. You were gone too fast from Utah last year, and from what I gather, you don't visit Texas at all. There will be no leaves changing colors, no crisp days, no cool nights...at least not until January.
In the absence of a full-time MP in Hougang, PAP grassroots adviser for Hougang grassroots organizations Desmond Choo has been working very hard on the ground to serve the need of Hougang residents.
No spoilers here, but as the story unfolds, there comes a point when Palmer tells O'Brien a lot about his life, time in prison, and what he's witnessed in the forest. As an author, I use this tool, this intersection, to help weave the perspectives together.
The Plastic Surgeons said, "This puts a whole new face on the matter...."
I'm no expert blogger I'll admit, but I am an expert at complaining and telling people what they're doing wrong.
Some of my greatest blessing call me grandma or grandpa
CTV news even came over to the house last night and interviewed the Boy and a few others for a spot about their fabulous journey! You can see the spot here.
I’ve got a simple idea – one of myriads that ultimately compromise the complexity of my thoughts – JRR Tolkien exploded once hippies discovered his fantasies. I’d like to recreate that experience. I’ll make you medicated readers a deal – ignore that post where I promised I’d sell my vote to Republicans if they make me rich and famous, I don’t think I’m any more floppity than Mitt or his role model John Kerry.
Thank you for your patience, and I'll see you all in a few weeks!
What do you think about long skirts? for them?!
The past couple of days have been particularly bad for stabbings and shootings. Now there's no evidence as yet that these are gang related crimes, but they are most certainly youth oriented.
That’s no way to be in heaven
"I am passionately pursuing the consistent improvement of my health by regularly setting and achieving fitness goals, encouraging others from my strong and challenging experiences, and depending on and praising my Creator as the Producer from which I can do all things."
Here are this week's incredible Thank You cards for your inspiration from the Design Team.
Now I have to confess, I don’t always follow the Reaction Rule. The difference is that I know I’m making an error and put it in anyway. In the end I usually just restructure that error to make it correct or cut it. That’s probably for the best.
Rinzler risks aiming at trying to sound trendy and winding up like the preachers who marketed denim-clad bibles to the Jesus People in the hippie era; that is, packaging tradition for mass appeal. However, Rinzler's audience like that of Jesus or of the Buddha lives in cities more often than in monasteries! Rinzler wants to go into the dive-bars, the cyber-cafes, the cubicle, and to show how Buddhism can calm, can soothe, and can rouse.
The incident last month before President Barack Obama’s trip to the Summit of the Americas in Colombia involved Secret Service and U.S. military members who allegedly consorted with prostitutes.
The request for restitutio in integrum failed because the attorney could have corrected the error immediately upon remarking it.
I'm looking forward to incorporating this image into the assemblage-book. I found that I have a real affinity for the trickster and am curious to see what the finished piece looks like.
One security manager for the US company DynCorp sent an email to clients warning that publication of the photos was likely “to incite the local population” as the “severity of the incidents to be revealed are graphic and extreme”.
The supplies I used included faux pearls (bought to add to a wreath that I ended up not using) pendant (bought to add as a decoration on a handbag I was going to make but never did) ribbon (left over from who knows what project) and a sewing needle (a staple in the crafting supplies.)
F&P remained a major employer in the city, with more than 100 production designers and engineers working on designs for cooking and dishwashing appliances sold around the world.
In the New Testament it is no different. In 1 Corinthians Paul wrote that we are His Temple, a fragrant offering. In Hebrews we are to offer the sacrifice of praise. In Romans 12 we are to offer ourselves as living sacrifices. Jesus said that the life of the disciple is to be one of self-denial, taking up a cross, and following him. Peter said we are to follow closely in the footsteps of Jesus.
God sees eternity in our daily lives and works out His eternal purpose in our behalf. For example one misses the flight at the airport and questions the Lord in it. The plane crashes; killing all aboard and he then praises the Lord for sparing his life.
and the house timbers creak.
We went to the Fashion Outlets in Niagara - didn't see any earth shattering deals, but I did get some nice finds at 40% off at Banana Republic, and picked up a watch I've been eyeing for...ohhh...about a year...
I have to admit, when I first saw the photos she sent, I was already kind of in love with her room. There is something very eclectic and relaxed that I really like about her style.
Jacuzzis and whirlpools are other luxuries that can be a hit or a miss for sellers. A young couple may love the additions; a family with small children may see them as a waste of space and potential hazard.
About the way I feel
If a user meets his burden of demonstrating that he performed a reasonably
“Perhaps it is our karma, perhaps it is our fate that we be with you at the time,” she said drawing a huge round of applause from the gathering of Tibetans after meeting the Dalai Lama.
The coconut. The rest of this thoughtful, sensitive column of intellectual Memela’s is mostly about “the coconut”. He defines coconuts as blacks who aspire to be whites (without giving explicit examples to substantiate his scholarly claim). This must surely be infuriating to aspiring young black men such as fellow blogger The Sumo, who sees himself as “the ultimate transitional South African. Born and raised in a KwaZulu-Natal township near Durban, he was part of the first group of black initiates into the ‘multiracial’ education system. He was (and is) always in contrast to the norm, black in ‘white’ schools, a blazer-wearing coconut in the township streets … ”. I strongly doubt The Sumo wishes to be white or to have a “white” identity (whatever that means). If The Sumo wishes to have an identity where people of all colours have the same identity, rather than the dichotomy black/white, so what? I see in The Sumo’s blogs the following. He defines himself (often humorously to keep things in perspective) as a person first in the context of transitional SA, explores his identity in the changing terrain of Joburg second, and looks at himself as a black person as a close third. He does not say he is the ultimate transitional black, but the ultimate transitional South African, thus avoiding dichotomy or othering people of different “races”. This is so unlike Sandile Memela.
We've also added an end panel to the window seat to create a little entry area off the back porch, with a place to hang a jacket or a dog leash. This makes the window seat a cozier spot to curl up in, too! We added beaded board paneling to the entry area and the cabinet sides for a touch of hominess.
4. Doctor 7
Carefully lift a corner of the sandwich to confirm that the cheese has melted and the onion mixture is warm. Allow extra time if necessary to melt the cheese and warm the onion jam.
for once, the weather's going my way!
Maybe you know it's idiotic. Maybe you tell yourself that it's foolish to allow yourself to get so affected by things that won't matter all that much in the grand scheme of things. 10 years down the road, you know it won't matter. But, it matters today. At least to you, it matters a lot.
On September 19, there will be a workshop for people who are more serious about keeping chickens, covering specific aspects of keeping chickens, including the time it takes, costs and where you can keep your birds. The last workshop will be on October 17 and will be about preparing chickens for the winter.
It appears that both of these pieces presented us with many hurdles and proved to be quite a challenge for most of us.
“There, there, Emily!” I said, pulling her gently to my bosom with a long hairy arm. “You must be brave and fulfill your destiny as a pedagogue and a woman.”
It is an easy way to see a lot of an area in a short time. Plus, when you don't know where you are, you don't know how far you are going or how far you have left to go - and for me, that makes it so much easier (when I know the distances, I will play the numbers game in my head and that just makes the run seem longer).
So evaluation forms are done – hooray.
Inker: Jonathan Glapion
Tim Curry is nearly unrecognizable as the subject of so many children’s nightmares, including mine. He’s a shapeshifter, adapted from the shapeshifting creature from King’s delirious novel, but mostly he’s a clown in a white jumpsuit and razor fangs that bleed. His eyes may be the scariest part – when he’s at his peak of fury, they glow a deathly blue, weirdly magnetic, which makes them all the more terrifying. He stalks a group of small-town kids, and then, even worse, continues stalking as they become adults. BEST MOMENT: Stretching his arm out of a photo album…
Gage and Cecilia were able to see one another and once again Cecilia tried to get Gage to play, but he wasn’t interested. Sadly, I didn’t take any pictures of them on Sunday. I did get one picture of Ci in her Ravens jersey on my phone, I will have to take a better one this weekend. She will be wearing this exact same outfit for Sunday’s game when the Ravens play the Patriots. I am superstitious when it comes to sports, especially the Ravens and Terps!
The bastard had completely ruined my living room. All the pictures were smashed, three of my records had had rounds put through em, poor lil Gore Vidal the cat had a sore foot and the walls had god knows how many holes right the way around – so much so I got the impression temporarily I were standing INSIDE a teabag.
LOL...not really...well, maybe some of them were:-)
The way to meet bad things is complicated. Being inconvenienced at the airport in the name of national security isn’t the same as pursuing cancer treatment or rebuilding your credit record. Yet there are similarities. Bad things need to be countered by returning, if possible, to a calm sense of normality where the pursuit of happiness is possible once more. Words like acceptance, balance, healing, community, compassion, justice, and security come to mind, but they are generic. Each bad thing is personal, no matter how vast the scale.
Last fall, in the first post that featured Belle,
Dessert for Mothers day lunch last weekend was courtesy of Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall, a pear pudding cake but instead of serving with the usual cream or ice-cream, I decided to make a baked custard.
The Big Ten’s destination dilemma is inherent within the current bowl/BCS system. The big bowl games always have been played in the south and west, and because of the “double-hosting” model, the same holds true for the national championship games. Most Big Ten fans understand the reasons behind this, and have willingly hopped on airplanes every December and traveled far and wide to see their teams play. It’s this willingness that has made Big Ten teams so attractive to BCS bowl committees.
· Follow a strict outline for topics of the course
I bought this aluminum chain online, was a good deal, didn't pay much attention to the size of the links - it is huge - I had no idea what to do with it, until now ;)
Leda: What did you bring into play from your own life?
though beaten back and many times baffled;
Well, so much for explanation....
But I can't help it. I think the sounds of flatulence are absolutely hysterical.
This is very serious and we see the ultimate consequence of these actions in failed ministries and damaged people. I believe that most people who are compelled but not called do so out of a desire to serve God; I believe that they have gifts and talents (i.e. preaching, prophetic, administrative) that are essential to the proper operation of a church or ministry, but that doesn’t mean they are called to be a Pastor, Prophet, Apostle, Teacher or Evangelist.
Well, yesterday one of these moments happened to me.
Late Victorian and Edwardian Station Masters are perceived to have been highly respected individuals. They commanded the stations at which they were based, and were pillars of the community; respectable, authoritarian and honourable. However, in the case of station masters before 1870 these attributes are not necessarily applicable. Without established promotional trees, standardised rules and regulations, and with vetting procedures for new employees not being set in stone, Britain’s pioneer station masters were a very mixed bag, to say the least.
It was around a year ago this time that we found out we would be expecting a beautiful baby.
Panquecas (Pancakes)
It’s fascinating to explore how art and poetry can be, in the words of William Shakespeare, “such stuff as dreams are made on.”
The accident yesterday in Shanghai occurred around 2:50 p.m. on Metro line 10, which stretches from downtown Shanghai to Hongqiao, one of the city’s airports. The line also travels north, south, east, and west in the vast city of 23 million. The accident was near Yuyuan Gardens, a favorite Shanghai tourist spot.
*Josee'*
Rosellas
So, I’m back to my old routine. Pain Quotidien, I love your carrot muffins sprinkled with crunchy sugar, and your spiral raisin pastry with its coating of icing. But it’s down to you at 91st for my muffin, back up to Starbucks at 93rd for my coffee.
This truth fand honest Tam o'Shanter,
and a quick 15 second video of my singing the song we sing to True every single morning. he loves it. there are more verses but i'll spare you:) and please, please, pardon my singing. he laughs like this all day long especially when we sing to him or when we turn on the music (which means it's always on nowadays) or when we show him a book (he seems to love the illustrations) or when we look him in the eye and talk baby talk. this kid is happy. and my heart heals everyday from the joy. nine weeks old....
“This really is the last minute,” he said. “Bill Miller is basically there in terms of his bid and we would expect to know by Monday or Tuesday whether we’re dealing with Bill Miller or not and whether we’re dealing with the Blue Knights or not. Both parties need approval from the football authorities, otherwise it makes a mockery of the business plan.
The concept of loving kindness is not necessarily a foreign concept to me, Shanti provided a really powerful visualization that illustrated just how important this can be for ADHDers. Many of us spend a lot of time judging ourselves and acting as our own worst critic. We hold ourselves to impossible standards and are more harsh towards ourselves than we would ever be with others.
That is possibly as close to realistic (but still not quite) I could get with that image. Still, it feels somewhat off and was still lacking for me.
The TAT, in partnership with workshop schools and key online travel agencies in Asia will also be offering as many as 100 workshops and hotel deals in a range of creative tourism experiences. These include Muay Thai lesson, Thai traditional massage teaching holiday, and Thai cooking class holidays, which are up for grabs until 31 October 2012.
Rather than replacing human relationships with animal, people who report getting more support from their pets also report receiving more human support. And both pet-provided and human-provided support are good for us in their own ways, with each source independently contributing to our well-being.
Thank gawd. Seriously, that thing could have been a weapon.
Finally it came time for the exam. It is done on a computer. If you answer a question correctly, it gives you a harder one. If you answer a question incorrectly it will give you an easier one. There are up to 150 questions but the better you do on the exam the fewer questions you will have to answer. I had heard the minimum cut off was 70 questions. And I got cut off at 70!!! :) And I felt really good about it too. The test seemed SO much easier that Chief McC's tests!!! Chief McC and Chief L did a fantastic job preparing us!
Who knew they would ever meet?
All of this morel show-and-tell got me interested in morels, which I found once perhaps two decades ago in the woods behind my house. I’ll admit, though, to a bit of nervousness over identifying morels.
Place into a pre-heated 180 degree oven and bake for approx 40-45 minutes (this will depend on your oven and the size of the vege’s). Cook up some pasta, drain and crumble in some fetta cheese, as much or as little as you like (we like lots!). Stir through the roasted veg and chorizo and serve.
It was simple. I held on. I said, “God is my Father, and Dad, I am his son, because he loves me, he will feed, clothe, and shelter me.” Amidst turmoil I was at peace. That week I received an anonymous letter containing $100, and a simple inscription, “Psalm 23.”
2 tbls olive oil
As much as I hate the average lyrca cyclist, some of which have deliberately sat in the middle of the road to stop me getting round, at least they have a pre-determined reason for being a cunt, even if I don't agree with it. Some of the cyclists I've seen over the last week seem to be missing a lot of their braincells.
This was said to be as a
Then, when the GFC hit, and many of my friends were retrenched and lost their jobs, while I was purchasing my second property... it hit home that I was really fortunate to have been set up here. My mates in the UK had their savings demolished. The US... not that bad, my friends seem to be doing really well. But I really, really love the way things ended up, particularly how I'm here in Melbourne. I do think I've missed out in the peer learning because I didn't attend these fancy universities, but looking at the last decade... this really was a great place to have spent my twenties. Heck, it was bloody brilliant.
Since writing and teens are two subjects near and dear to our hearts, we at the Class of 2K12 have pledged to help! We're trying to raise $300 for GWN through our First Giving page and I'd like to ask you to consider giving $10-$20 to this extremely worthy cause. You can donate securely and easily here.
Codec is a hardware or computer programs that encode/decode digital data streams or signals. Codec shrinks large movie files, and makes them playable on your computer. Codec programs are required for your media player to play your downloaded music and movies.
I’m very interested to hear what you guys have to say – when do YOU give up?
On Friday, I'll have a post about my experience at the Romantic Times Conference and what I learned there -- or maybe, more importantly, what I didn't learn -- along with a few pictures.
Needless to say, all of my efforts to get our patient, my partner, and myself safely to the hospital were achieved. But as for the hundreds of little amphibians in the path of a Paramedic behind the wheel, they met a different fate.
Another mobile post, we are in need of a router, which we will be getting this week, so once that's acquired, everything will be back to normal.
13. Sticks & Stones
The second nerd nodded approvingly, “Good choice. The clothes probably wouldn’t have fit.”
You know that girl on the cover of the magazine? I do. She’s called Amanda Bynes and starred in Big Fat Liar with the kid who’s now a racecar driver. Frankie Muniz. Thanks, Phoebe!
Youtube.com Pre-show
1/4th cup sugar
The RCMP, CBSA and CSIS have all sent officers to Southeast Asia to try to stop human smuggling vessels destined for Canada. Last month, Thai immigration police arrested an alleged migrant smuggler named Nadesan Jeeyananthan, also known as German Babu, a dual citizen of Sri Lanka and Germany. He was taken into custody in Bangkok. Canadian and Thai officials allege he was involved in the voyage of the Sun Sea.
To fight the horde, singing and crying: Valhalla, I am coming!
Thanks to some lovely friends of mine, I managed to get an advanced copy of the latest DragonForce offering, The Power Within.
How, she thinks, have I been such a fool…
The Storys release their latest (and supposedly final) album on Angel Air but for me this is beaten by the solo album by the band’s guitarist Rob Thompson whose album is also out on Angel Air. Listen to some of the guitar parts and you’d swear you were listening to a Dave Gilmour solo album.
Quite a nice pink, not too pale, great for summer, would look fab with a tan and I think I would best describe it as a dull bubblegum pink shade because it is like a bubblegum pink but not quite as bright.
I performed my duties as Forensic Ballistic Specialist for the last 18 years of my police career, after completing a 3-year in-service training programme, based on the standards and requirements of the Association of Firearm and Tool mark Examiners (AFTE) - USA. Other forensic-related qualifications include a Diploma (Fss Dip) awarded by the Forensic Science Society (UK) and various certificate courses, among others, a firearm-related Forensic Chemical Investigations Course, and various Assessor/Moderator courses related to the use of handguns, shotguns, rifles and hand machine carbines. Prior to that time I had 7 years experience in various other police departments. My total service-period in the SA Police was thus 24 years. I accepted the government’s voluntary severance package at a time when Jackie Selebi was still the National Commissioner. This fact should already provide informed readers with a hint as to why I left the Farce.
4 chicken breasts, cut into chunks
Maria Begum
With summer approaching, I was thinking about my own childhood summers in northern New York State, way up by the Canadian border. I would often spend a day or two with my grandma, Gert. Gert lived with her second husband in a little converted one room schoolhouse, surrounded by zinnias, peonies (which she called “pineys”), and old-fashioned pink roses. She always did her housework and gardening in the morning, because after lunch she dropped everything. She’d make herself a cup of Red Rose tea and put an Archway cookie on a plate, then park herself in her rust-colored velour recliner in front of the television to watch her “stories.” Now, there was no cable where she lived and she only got a couple of stations, so it was the CBS soap operas for her — The Edge of Night, and Secret Storm, and As the World Turns.
When you’re not composing what are your favorite songs to play?
David Suzuki: New rules make it easier for Canadian government to harm the environment
Also this weekend: the first grilling of the season at my mom & dad’s house, the end of one soccer season, and celebratory beers at Three Aces.
To briefly recap the summer, I reorganized the family unit, abandoned the Hubs and took a job in Marfa, TX, with toddler in tow. 5 months we were gone. It was glorious and challenging and beautiful and strange. I never did get W a nanny (hard to find in a town of 2,000) thus we spent TONS of quality time together. I did get him a lovely Australian Shepherd puppy that he named Ruby Tuesday, after the little cartoon Max & Ruby and the Rolling Stones tune. I needed an additional distraction for W and a new companion for me as well. As the months zoomed by I oversaw the installation of a well, an irrigation system, enough electric to power a small town, a septic system, and demolition of the home on the property. Never did I’d ever dream I’d learn about such things, a complete departure from event planning yet I found many similarities as well. Every day was an event, a chance to learn something new and it got my gerbil on a treadmill of a brain going and growing. W embraced his new surroundings and learned about tarantulas, rattlesnakes, tumbleweeds, yurts, constellations, and all sorts of life-sized construction equipment. He had 8 acres on which to roam and explore. He was never bored. Plus the community in Marfa is a true one in the sense of the word. Everyone rallies and plays together. We constantly cooked out together, ate together, met for drinks often and energized the local grapevine with gossip. In the end though, it was good to finally get off of the proverbial “island” and come home to the Hubs and our lovely home although someday I hope to return and work with those amazing folks again. Our days now are filled with getting re-acclimated, a Tuesday/Thursday school schedule, a Wednesday a.m. art class and playing catch up with the Hubs who left for 3.5 weeks about a week and a half after we returned home from our adventure.
My point is that these fuckers are so obviously racist, it makes me sad. The stickers and the blame and the allegations of "socialism" or being "un-American" is just a thinly veiled excuse for all those Dixie-Flag-Waving, Back-of-the-bus pointing, pathetically obvious rednecks to be the racist fuckers they are all out in the open. It's scary.
scarf: Walmart
Ronan stands perfectly still for a moment, and then starts out “Thank you Cleo…” and then into the hallway.
Bake at 350 degrees F for 40 minutes in a 9 inch pie pan. If you're using a smaller pie pan, then you may need to push closer to 50 minutes on the cooking time. The toothpick trick does not work on brownie mixtures. You can lightly tap the center to determine if the brownie filling is set.
Repeatedly we judges exclaimed in surprise: “these are high school kids?!?” Those seated around us expressed relief that they were not in the position to select a winner, for the quality of competing groups was consistently high. There is no doubt that the caliber of high school a cappella has skyrocketed in recent years, and the 2012 ICHSA finalists proved that these teens are ready to rock their respective college campuses. Friday night’s show was awesome. Not high school awesome. Just awesome. If the college groups are paying attention, they are no doubt chomping at the bit to attract the experienced new crop of high school graduates heading their way.
I am proud to be from a country that appreciates freedom of worship and my freedom to tell others of Jesus love.
I imagine I would cook dinner, drive to school pick up and fold laundry better if I was wearing this seriously precious necklace!
Everybody loves boxer shorts and they're not hard to make. In fact, boxers are an excellent beginner-level sewing project for someone just starting out. Are you a beginner or do you know someone who is? Sew along with us this October!
Home. My home is with my parents. Wherever they are, that is my home. They are my homebase.
It's okay to mix styles.
One well-known aspect of quantum physics is that certain observations cannot be predicted absolutely. Instead, there is a range of possible observations each with a different probability. One mainstream explanation, the “many-worlds” interpretation, states that each of these possible observations corresponds to a different universe (the ‘multiverse’). A new scientific theory – called biocentrism – refines these ideas. There are an infinite number of universes, and everything that could possibly happen occurs in some universe. Death does not exist in any real sense in these scenarios. All possible universes exist simultaneously, regardless of what happens in any of them. Although individual bodies are destined to self-destruct, the alive feeling – the ‘Who am I?’- is just a 20-watt fountain of energy operating in the brain. But this energy doesn’t go away at death. One of the surest axioms of science is that energy never dies; it can neither be created nor destroyed. But does this energy transcend from one world to the other?
There was very little substantive discussion about operating results or market place perspective.
Teal: Mile 13, The bad miles begin—I am so freaked out about my neck, face, and now arm that I fall back from Beth and pull to the side to take my damn arm sleeve off. It’s soaking wet and from the way my arm feels, I think its cutting off circulation. It was so hard to get off. I tried to hold my straw and I couldn’t – I dropped it and Beth told me I did. I knew I did but I couldn’t hold it. It is from here that I never see Beth again.
What ends up happening is that I only update you on a few select big things, and little things often fall through the cracks. And since the last time I tied up loose ends on the blog was February, I figured an update is probably about due.
Marley bore this with a slight sigh.
White Square card 6 x 6
A simple reply, "Yes."
This was the first really successful project I made. I still have it, I still love it and I still think it is great. I may make more, who knows.
Yeah, that’s not in the story… not exactly. That’s what we call subtext, and I’ll talk about that some other time.
I was, then, quite surprised when I read this short story collection. My expectations, admittedly, were rather low and therefore, surely, I would be impressed. And I was. I read this book in one sitting, and could not put it down. The words not only roll, but jump and somersault off the page; Guadalajara was a delight to read from start to finish, and I could only wish for more. There, though, is where the brilliance of Monzó lies. He manages to fit 14 simple but fantastically written stories into such a short page count, yet you never feel short-changed or cheated out of description or character.
'Till then, stay current via:
The Scottish light units (a couple of highlander warbands and a psilos) take over the steep hill, while the pikemen are moving towards the river, always wary of their opponents.
3. Never Come Back (5:00)
Nor do you fix it by making other people agree that you're happy and getting pissed off at them when they won't play along.
The street wasn’t any different now than it had been that afternoon. A few people were on the sidewalk, either while they hurried to and from doorways, cars or just fidgeted as they waited for the bus. One of those absently scratched at hives rising on arms from either exhaust, pollen or even a sunlight allergy. Ben’s own eyes started to itch just from walking past the florist shop on the corner, even though it had installed a second set of doors in attempt to prevent such irritations to the sensitive.
'Even the northeastern United States - a region normally omitted from any serious talk about domestic drought - is at risk, said Dorothy Peteet, a senior research scientist with NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies.
On the first day of Paganalia, spelt cakes were offered to Tellus Mater, the Roman “earth mother.” (The following day is dedicated to Ceres, and a similar offering is given for her.) Ovid’s Fasti I.655-704 has this to say on the 24th of January, but in relation to the Paganalia/Sementivae:
“Layla hasn’t earned anything. I mean, who’d she ever beat? No one should be No. 1 contender until I’m cleared. There shouldn’t have even been a Divas Championship Match at Extreme Rules. I know Layla was out for a year. Big deal! I had ACL surgery too, and I made it back in half the time. When I return, I’m not only going to beat up Layla, I’m going to bust her other knee, and make sure that she goes away and never comes back. She has no idea what she has gotten herself into.”
Talking about sharing, I wanted to share something with you. (If there's anyone still left reading this.) I talk a lot on here about my dreams of becoming a writer, however there is one dream that I long ago realised I would have to set aside.
I still love to dance, so when I was asked to contribute an essay to the upcoming Seal Press anthology “Dancing at the Shame Prom: Sharing the Stories That Kept Us Small,” I had my dancin’ shoes on my feet in a heart beat.
I can do this. I can change how I react to cravings. I can learn to eat because I’m hungry, not because I’m angry, anxious, or alone. Onward!
As he neared the others, Moon came to a stop and looked out to the sea. There was so much on his mind but he really didn't feel like having a shit right now. A bowel movement could wait for later.
After McIlroy posted 16-under in the US Open last year at Congressional, he expects the USGA to tighten things up at the Olympic Club in San Francisco for this year’s Open in June. Bet on it. The USGA does not like to be embarrassed, and 16-under is an embarrassment to them, even though the course was softened by rains. Can you say “Massacre at Winged Foot”? …
That’s an osmotic pressure causing a flow of people in one direction. But another flow works in the opposite direction — Swedes (or, rather, “persons of Swedish background”) are leaving Sweden for Denmark. Swedes who actually want to work for a living will find wages in Denmark that are on average 30% higher than those at home. Not only that, there is more to buy in Denmark, and at a lower price.
South Africa is the canary in the Globalist coal mine.
Go check her out!!
Other races (all raising money for Rainbow Trust Children’s Charity) planned are Grimsthorpe Ultra in August (70 miles), Shotley Challenge in September (55 miles) and hopefully another Duathlon as well as some local Triathlons along the way too!
With that being said (one of my favorite phrases in the English language), I've narrowed the list down enough to where I can create a Top Ten list, in no particular order, that - goes without saying - is subject to change.
Chapter 20
How do you teach compare and contrast?
amongst the shadows. The street was dark, hiding the homeless that used doorways
On 7/7 the emergency services were conducting an exercise to test their response to a terrorist attack……
When the smoking ban came in, and I still saw smoker friends from time to time, I usually found that they weren’t doing very much better than I was. It was the same story everywhere. People stayed home. And they stopped seeing old friends as regularly as they once had. But then, after a while, when I hadn’t seen them for a year or more, I no longer knew how they were doing at all.
"Well, that is all for this month but I will make sure Candy has lots of pictures of my cute kids for next month! I will also make sure she shows them to you when they are born so you don't have to wait and wait...like me..."
….the guy you broke up with a week ago shows up at your work to tell you everything you needed to hear- a week ago. That he does care about you, more than you could even imagine, that he’s been so incredibly sad the past week, that he not only can, but does see a future with you. A future that includes marriage and babies and forever.
Thom Terrazas,
“If you have any questions, or would like further details, please send an e-mail to enquiries@derwentpress.com. We will e-mail you our full contact details, including address and telephone number, so you can discuss any additional points or requirements you may have.”
Sugar, as molasses, was traded from the Caribbean to Europe or New England, where it was distilled into rum. The profits from the sale of sugar were used to purchase manufactured goods, which were then shipped to West Africa, where they were bartered for slaves. The slaves were then brought back to the Caribbean to be sold to sugar planters. The profits from the sale of the slaves were then used to buy more sugar, which was shipped to Europe. The cycle would continue over and over. To read more, click on the link Triangular Trade at the bottom of the post.
Yesterday I ran in the Hogeye 1/2 Marathon! Here’s how it went!
efforts come to naught, all relatives
April: "Well that's your opinion, I can have mine, too. It's ugly." (How many times does she need to say it's ugly?? And it wasn't.)
As in James L. Rubart’s novel where a chair is not just a chair, a book written for spiritual purpose is not just a book. When writing it, we feel it takes all–everything we have and then some. But after it’s done, often a good while after, we see that it gave more than it took. To the author who wrote it, and to the readers who connect with it.
Maintaining a desirable body weight also is important. People who are 20% or more over their ideal body weight have an increased risk of developing coronary artery disease or stroke.
Unlike Karen's 400-page treatise on religion, Gil uses only twenty-six lines to express his incredulity and anger. Out of this twenty-six verses, though, nine are repeated throughout the tune. This renders his song poignant and cathartic, especially as it crescendoes towards the end. Listen to the final stanza and I dare you to remain dry-eyed: "Did you hear what they said/Yeah did you hear what they said/Did you hear what they said/About his mother and how she cried/They said she cried, 'cause her only son was dead/They said she cried, 'cause her only son was dead/Woman, could you imagine if your only son was dead/And somebody told you, he couldn't be buried/hey, hey, come on, come on, come on, come on/this can't be real."
Like any other parent, I want the best teachers for my children. I do not need a test score to determine the quality of my children’s teachers or school. I know the teachers my kids have had at their public school are highly effective. I look for an educator who is caring, creative, organized and communicates well with parents.
*are still the BEST sleeper
Claire Rutledge still believes in love, despite losing her husband. So, after two years, she’s not surprised by the steamy dreams telling her it might be time to start moving on. But she didn’t expect her friend Justin to have the starring role.
His story is one that has become the stuff of 21st-century digital lore. Crazy old guy posts videos of himself online, professes undying love for adorkable Japanese technopop group, audiences are simultaneously weirded out and fascinated, and an Internette Legend is born.
Circle Time:
“I couldn’t live my life because I always had baseball. I missed out on parties in middle school, friends birthdays and just having time to hang around and have fun. Not to mention we weren’t supposed to swim before games in the summer,” Nick said. To put it simply, there were other things he wanted to be doing.
but without it our identity is lost.
First I want to share the layout I made for this project sheet. I am in scrappy heaven with it, really fun, the papers and embellies really make it pop.
2) If the “meaning” of language/symbols is nothing more nor less than everything that has been accomplished through the use of individual, concrete tokens, then the phenomenal vocabulary cannot function by referring to anything private. This is functional-role semantics and it is unique to Wittgenstein among this group (although other philosophers, such as Pragmatists, also develop this sort of operationalist account of language). It is soft; the ontological status of qualia is not addressed directly.
Let the experiment begin!! Giggle.
MATHEMATICS:
I am afraid it's another quick post, today's card is similar in theme to yesterdays although today I did do some colouring in, just a little black with a fine liner pen, it was more of an experiment to see how it would come out but I was really pleased with the results in the end.
(End note) During the first thought processes of this article I was doing an EVP recording where I was explaining to our friends on the other side what I was trying to get across in this article and got an outstanding Class A of one word, “Commission” in a loud male whisper. I didn’t take this to mean getting paid for the writing. After looking up some definitions I felt that it more meant: responsibility or charge, assignment, authority granted for a particular action or function, authority to act as agent for another or others, the power thus granted. I don’t know who this wonderful entity was but he strengthened my belief in the miracle of the other side and renewed my passion for life here on the Earth plane.
The layers behind the circle mats were used CB 5x7 Polka Dots embossing folder and EK Success Diamond Lace edger punch. To finish off, the card was embellished with the pleated ribbon and rhinestones.
It was pretty cool. Drop dead gorgeous. But it was like $400 or thereabouts.
3:17 - Clean rest of kitchen, do dishes, empty, refill and start dishwasher (that starting part, I'm particularly proud of because I usually forget it), plan for supper, set table, take out garbage
Anyway, I'm almost at the end of this glass now, so there's probably little or no point in trying to continue...
These street-level data, collated with enough ambition and accuracy, could thus be seen as a kind of fossil record for the Blue Angels' weekend performance: a distributed motion-capture device parked throughout the peninsular city. The planes, in other words, left more traces than just artificial clouds: they mapped their own passage through car alarms.
My day started out in a panic. I get up for work at 6:30 a.m. This morning I woke up at 7:48 a.m. I am usually brewing coffee at work at that time! I called my boss, rushed to get ready and I actually got here in record time. When I arrived, I let me boss know I was here and he said "I don't think you have ever been late" and there was one other time but this is only the 2nd time in 8 years. Pretty good track record I'd say.
Ollie Perez and Luis Castillo are still here taking up space on the roster and stealing Wilpon money. That is at the moment, unavoidable and unfortunate. We'll deal with that.
1. Leave me a comment saying "Interview me."
- Desperate Housewives last episode will be called Finishing The Hat and will feature James Denton, Dana Delany, Christine Estabrook and Brenda Strong.
This week at Walgreens there is a sale on Kotex U products. Pads, Liners, and Tampons are included. I love these products because they are so compact and fit in my purse easily.
Fatigue can set in at any time of the day. Maybe you get drowsy after lunch, or maybe you suffer from low energy levels throughout the day. Whatever the cause of your tiredness, you can beat fatigue with these seven great energy-boosting tips!
2011/2016 of N13 billion for
But anyway, I really want to say thank you! Thank you so much for all your prayers and good thoughts! It means the world to me! :) And thank you so much to my parents and my real life friends. You guys are awesome! My friend, Julie called and asked me if she could pick up anything from the store for me. I said, "Maybe some Jello." She came by with $300 worth of groceries! Ginny and Doreen were right there, offering to take my kids to football and cheer and help out in any way they could. Thank you!!!
These white carriage place card holders are full of fairytale whimsy. If you’re looking for fairytale wedding favor ideas on a budget, then these wedding favors are just the ticket. For as little as $1.28 a pop, you can’t beat them. Oh, and did we mention how fabulous they look with rose, tulip, or lily floral arrangements? They’ll help you create a scene straight from Cinderella’s ballroom dance with the prince.
So on day one of this reset I poured over my recipe binder, cookbooks and my favourite food blogs for dishes I can enjoy and there are tons! I am actually really excited about the next few days – I plan to try out numerous recipes and a few old favourites and with all the cooking and eating I plan to do, I think this week will just whiz by (something very easy to say on day one)!
You get the idea. It adds up quickly.
No. 55 RK Motors Toyota driver Brian Vickers started sixth and finished 18th in Sunday’s 515-lap NASCAR Sprint Cup Series race at Martinsville Speedway. Vickers started on the outside of row three, but dropped to 28th before he could move from the outside to the inside lane. Unfortunately, track position is key at Martinsville Speedway and the Thomasville, N.C., native spent the rest of the race fighting to stay on the lead lap. He lost a lap on lap 202 then regained it when he took the wave around on lap 360. A pit stop for gas with about 50 laps remaining cost him two laps he never made up. The No. 55 team returns to action Saturday, April 14th at Texas Motor Speedway with Mark Martin behind the wheel. Vickers next appearance in the No. 55 is June 24 at Infineon Raceway.
GET TO KNOW MITT ROMNEY if you are a Christian…
Instead of answering legitimate questions about the role for which the taxpayer paid him a vast salary, Mr Jasper and his supporters would only chant the mantra that he was “the victim of a racist campaign by racially motivated racists”, their expressions becoming progressively more alarmed at the realisation that, for the first time the magic shield wasn't working.
But most egregiously, even if we accept Brooks at his word that things are starting to look bright all over, he fails to examine both sides of the ledger and factor in the cost in terms of our blood (over 4000 Americans killed and multiples of that wounded) and treasure (probably over $2 trillion dollars), not to mention the pain and suffering of millions of Iraqis (and a minimum of 100,000 civilian deaths). With that accounting in mind, I’d want a lot more bang for the buck than we are seeing in Iraq even if I were a simple utilitarian (and I’m willing to concede that some gains for the living in Iraq have been made).
Bachmann: she also was never elected
Things are super busy, but I wanted to post a quick update before I totally forget what is happening. The kids crack me up with the things they say.
so obscure
The highest rise diapers I have are the Bumgenius 4.0, Flip, Fuzzibunz Perfect Size Medium and Thirsties Duo Diaper Size 2.
She finally had to put him on a treadmill so he would walk forward.
The weather didn't get us down one bit. We ate a veritable feast of grilled steaks, sweet corn on the cob, grilled zucchini & carmelized onion, and mozzarella di bufala with basil, tomato, and balsamic glaze.
“so heavenly minded of no earthly good”
Computers...everywhere!
showing no signs of cancerous masses in her abdomen.
to 2010 in popular time-travelling UK drama Life On Mars, where he starred alongside John Simm (known to us as The Master from Series 3 to ‘The End ‘Of Time’), and its spin-off drama Ashes To Ashes, both shows were also co-created and co-written by Matthew Graham.
Personally, I’d love to play everyone as often as possible but in reality there are always those who don’t make a roster and those who don’t get as much track time in a bout. For players who seem to be in this situation more often than others and have difficulty in dealing with it I recommend playing for the B team. A pessimist may see it as a demotion but the time you want will be available and I often see people do this and are then able to find their game and truly understand what it is that they bring to the table in a bout. It also builds leadership skills with the players who may often find themselves being looked to for advice.
dry grapes - 2 tsp
Riddle Answer: A trombone.
ESCAPE!
I know some people agree with “running slow to get fast” and heart rate training, but I personally believe in “train fast to be fast” and pace training; at least for in-season training(I definitely think “running slow to get fast”/ heart rate training has a place during the offseason). To me it makes a lot more sense to start with a shorter session (say 20 mi for a 56 mi bike) at or around your goal pace, and then gradually add distance(say and increase of 5 miles every 1-2 weeks) and maintain your goal pace! Same concept applies to the run and swim. It’s pretty much a REVERSE PERIODIZATION, which is think is much more appropriate because your goals are now reversed and it’s more specific!
…you blink your eyes again and again in astonishment?
Be sure to look at your choices during different times of the day,
"Duped? How so?"
These sinners may culturally be heinous, but their sin is not more heinous than mine in the spiritual sense. I stole a button from Cloth World as a child. I hit my sister. I talked back to my mom. I struggled with lust… My sin didn’t result in the deflowering of a young woman… my sin didn’t destroy families… my sin didn’t shock a community… my sin didn’t result in the death of a child…but.. and perhaps i should say…BUT… my sin did result in the death of God through the death of Christ on the cross!!
Chuck Howard – Guitar
It's funny to think that only five years ago there was literally no way for Americans to taste whiskey from LDI. Now it seems that a week doesn't go by without a new release of LDI whiskey.
Wowzer! Once again, it has been a long while. Nonetheless, I thought I would give a bit of an update.
CABIN posits that the teenage horror story is actually a deadly game being run by a corporate facility for reasons unknown. There are similar operations being run by facilities all over the world and head technicians Richard and Steve (Richard Jenkins and Bradley Whitford) are ready for the big day. It’s a very clever move to show us the technicians right up front to let us in on the twist; CABIN could have given us the entire film from the college kids’ POV, but by showing us the Wizard at the same time we’re watching our characters move through Oz, CABIN adds a layer of fun to the proceedings.
Estella's Revenge has been through some distinct phases. Including a name change. While the address was always Estella's Revenge, the original blog title was Tripping Toward Lucidity. As I was working my way through my Masters degree I felt as if I was just stumbling along trying to accomplish whatever was right for me. I was saucy then, bordering on angry, and just finding myself in the world.
Here’s a question… is your marriage living up to what Jesus wants? The fact that there is next to no difference in the divorce rate of “Christians” and “non-Christians” is appalling! So why is this the case? Because our marriages don’t reflect the compassion of Christ…instead they embody the conflict of Satan. Marraige quickly becomes all about me and less about what the other person wants. We are quick to anger and slow to forgive and forget…and it’s because we lack the compassion and humility of Christ.
Netherlands
Many spinners seem to migrate to being plyers, spinning mostly 2-ply yarns. There are a special group who love singles, and spin many of them. There's the instant satisfaction of a single, the fact that you maximize your yardage-per-time. That trades off with the active twist it presents, and the need to control the drafting to get the thickness you want.
If people are dying, and these guys are trying to fake an alien invasion – that’s one thing we keep hearing, that they are trying to do an Alien 9/11 – why haven’t they gone public already?
‘“Alastor” Moody, ancient name of Fate
You’re idealistic and must feel useful to be happy. Your main contributions are advice, service, and your ever present support. You’re a humanitarian of the first order. It’s your role to serve others, and you start in the home environment. You’re realistic about life, and you feel that the most important things are home, family, and friends.
Another interesting piece of information about Barter Books is that it was here that the now ubiquitous “Keep Calm and Carry On” poster was rediscovered. The poster was designed during WWII, like so many others (e.g. “Make Do and Mend”, “Careless Talk Costs Lives”, etc), but apparently it was decided that this particular one should be put aside in case of a more severe emergency, such as enemy invasion or occupation. As this eventuality didn’t occur, the slogan was never used and was eventually forgotten. In 2000 a rare copy of one of these posters turned up in a box of books donated to Barter Books. The owners put it on display and it attracted such interest that they commissioned facsimile copies to put on sale in their shop, and with that a craze was spawned.
For now, it’s time to study a bit for my last quiz in my college career, and organize and pack some more. I’m going home next week for a couple of nights, and I want to bring a lot of stuff with me. My bedroom will be the easiest part, what I’m NOT looking forward to is going through the kitchen and figuring out what belongs to me…
Some people call this the “Problem-Reaction-Solution” method. It works like this:
Jonathan is a counsellor, so the book is filled with real-world examples from his own clients, and their experiences of walking through his 5-step “Be Fearless” plan.
So I went out to my car and called the number. After being on hold forever and routed through three different people, I finally got a Customer Relations associate. He proceeded to tell me that there was no way they could extend the plan because the company who underwrites the plan for Best Buy would not allow it. So I told him that even if they couldn’t “extend the plan,” they could decide to just bite the bullet and fix or replace the computer for me as a longtime customer. The Customer Relations associate told me that he couldn’t make that decision. That was up to the local store manager to eat the cost. So he told me the names of the managers of the Mansfield store and said “I’m so sorry. If there was something I could do I certainly would.” Yeah sure. He was just in a hurry to pass the buck on to some other poor sap.
So they are without excuse; for though they knew God, they did not honor him as God or give thanks to him, but they became futile in their thinking, and their senseless minds were darkened. Claiming to be wise, they became fools; and they exchanged the glory of the immortal God for images resembling a mortal human being or birds or four-footed animals or reptiles.
Lean Pork, 1kg, cut into strips or blend
I am going to be "Recyclable" for Halloween. So I'm going to take the needle and thread and sew the bottles and cans to my clothing along my arms and legs, and maybe a few on my torso. Then I will crumble up newspaper and staple/tape it to myself all over the place. On top of that, I'm going to try and make some sort of helmet/mask out of a card board box.
What do you do if you have built a successful business and want to sell it? The first thing is to purchase Built to Sell by John Warrillow ($24.95, Flip Jet Media, Toronto). The author started and sold four companies, becoming in the process an expert on how to get the most value out of a business when selling it. He is a small business expert who is widely quoted in publicans from Business Week and Inc Magazine to USA Today and the Wall Street Journal. In this book he reveals the secret of building a business to sell, offering eight steps to making a business sellable. “You can always run a company as if it will last forever, and yet you should also strive constantly to maximize its value, building in the qualities that allow it to be sold at any moment.” Good advice.
Through our adoption journey- I lost who I was. I lost the goals I had set for MY life. I left behind MY dreams and MY personal plans and I took on His. I believe God used our adoption experience to accomplish this.
She talked about his cute behavior. When he is back from drinking, he does back-hug her in the kitchen and he sits at wine bar with his legs swinging up and down talking to her until she finishes her kitchen works. There is no son being like this? She said to him and he just smiled at her. When she changed her hair a bit and no one even noticed, he would be the one to know and he would ask “You did something with your hair, right? It’s beautiful. Where did u do it? And that was so cute of him.
After a bathroom remodel I needed a new piece of artwork for the now newly painted walls and I didn’t want to spend a fortune for a piece of art. So of course I was just starting to get the pinterest thing. I was like huh I just pinned something that would look great in my bathroom. A totally easy looking silhouette canvas. Here’s where I got the idea from http://tatertotsandjello.com/2011/07/summer-social-guest-project-make-mod.html . It is super easy and It looks professionally done. Who knew the most unartistic person could be an artist.
Back in July of 2003 I was in a major car accident. My sister was driving, my brother was in the passenger seat, two friends were on either side of me, and I was in the middle back seat. Let me recap here what I can remember of this event. I do not remember that day. I do not remember the week before. I have a lot of black spots and most of the details I have came after from people telling me, but there is one thing I will never forget about the accident.
"You can't have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat."
Total Miles Hiked: 7.4
- Try to find pieces that aren't super heavy. Cheaper quality dishes seemed to be lighter. You don't want the whole thing to be top-heavy.
Today, we had another crazy thing happen. We met the Mayor of Macerata! Now if anything makes me have a big head, it is being treated like a dignitary everywhere we go! We listened to his speech about the beauties of the area, the wonderful things to do and to bring back with us. Then we posed for a picture that would be in the local newspaper. How crazy is that?! Anyways, after this we had the rest of the day to do whatever.
Noel Fehily
Yet another of our pastors has planted a church in a village where years ago the first converts to Christ were killed. For their faith, not the lack of it.
Obviously these two are loving their lives... :)
and is editor of the Insight Journal)
The second woman in Alex's life is Ivona, a plain Polish woman whom he met when she simply made up the numbers on an evening out with friends at college. With a 'docile and long-suffering manner' she gives 'the impression of a natural born victim' something that makes Alex feel both sorry for her and hugely irritated by her. But she seems devoted to him, something very different to 'the usual back-and-forth, the game of trying to seduce a woman.'
At an estimated 250 men, the LRA isn’t a large force, but they’re consistently on the move. They cross countries’ borders like John Mayer crosses starlets off his “To Do” list. A military operation to capture Kony will require the consent of at least three countries. If you think this deserves a high-level meeting at the United Nations, fix yourself a hot toddy and go to bed. If you’re pretty sure everyone will agree with whatever you decide, continue on!
½ lb shredded mozzarella cheese
Brenda’s faith and God’s strength enable her to face challenge after challenge: an accident that leaves her son blind and brain damaged, a crumbling marriage, a tornado that kills her parents, a new relationship with promising football player Kurt Warner, and the pressures his sudden success brings to their growing family.
噂のアナトリアにやっと行きました！友人のニッキーが紹介してくれ、ランチをして来ました。美味しかったです！写真で見てお分かりかもしれませんが、前菜をいくつか頼み、２人（娘も入れたら３人）で分けました。美味しくて、量もランチにはちょうど良かったですよ。なんとも言えないエギゾチックな雰囲気がとても素敵なレストランでした！是非お試しあれ。
It's a great time!! As usual, I haven't made my prototype of my craft yet, so I better get busy.
The story has been included in the nominees for the Best Game prize. The winners will be announced on 20th June 2012 at a ceremony in London.
Denise: My father is my first-round editor. The minute I finish a chapter I send it off to him.
But you are playing to an small auditorium from a great stage, with a very good sound system. The lighting is such that you can barely see the audience because the only lights are stage lights. Very professional. And quite a few people.
We follow a meandering route through Isabella, around Still Pond, its pink and purple backdrop reflected in the water, and along and over streams (passing an Acer palmatum I remember planting 20 years ago) to Thomson’s Pond. The adjacent lawn features a collection of low hummocky Rhododendron yakushimanum hybrids known as the ‘Seven Dwarfs’, including varieties named ‘Bashful’ and ‘Dopey’! We pass the Bog Garden, looking wonderful, the leaves of Gunnera manicata not yet fully attaining their eventual 2m size, but impressive nonetheless. After a relaxing picnic amongst the trees we follow the perimeter of Peg’s Pond (where the knobbly pneumatophore ‘knees’ of a Dawn Redwood can be seen along the water’s edge) to the gate where we leave the Isabella Plantation.
It may be we shall rise the last as Frenchmen rose the first,
97. Please Don’t Eat The Daisies (Doris Day) – Just for fun.
In 2002, Mayor Michael Bloomberg committed funds to recycle it as an urban path…
Saturday - 8 - 11 mile long run outside (6am - 7:30am)
“I know who’s going to die, and isn’t going to be me,” I whispered. “Chinese water torture is too good for him. Splinter those bamboo chopsticks--the minute he gets home, they’re going under his fingernails.” I’d learned a few things from my father’s stories of ’Nam. And of course, by reading about the war. After all, I was a librarian. I’d read nearly every book on the shelves. Maybe I’d do a search on torture techniques.
And then someone yelled “Spring Break” out of the car.
Knowing Maggie, I’m sure she is embarrassed by the accolades.
The INTP’s Thouroughly Devastating Analysis
Every step I'm taking
Oh by the way, Maqil can now walk yaww! Hehe. I am so proud of him. Kira dia cepat sikit la dari Maryam who first walked when she was 16 months old. Mikhail paling cepat, 13 months old. Maqil kat tengah-tengah la, 15 months old, haha. Lambat sebenarnya compared to anak-anak kawan-kawan I but takde masalah pun. Okay je.
What is the sound of one idiot speaking?
Cheese, sour cream, and salsa make everything a little bit better, in my estimations.
Fortunately for me, the lady at Mark Glenn (possibly sensing my unease due to the massive sneer on my face) asked if I had ever been shown how to properly apply Nanogen. I had not, and she proceeded to talk me through the application; sectioning off my hair starting from the top of my ear, and gently shaking the fibres on to the roots of the hair (not directly on to the scalp as I had been doing) as she worked her way up to my parting.
We're now 12 days into our whole30. There's productive chatter amongst us about what we've been shocked to discover on our ingredient labels - like corn syrup in packaged broth, and maltodextrin in frozen veggies. For me, one of the biggest challenges is the whole30 requirement to not weigh oneself until the end of the challenge. I usually weigh myself 3 or 4 times a week, so this has been a hard habit to break. I know, I know, the paleo thang is all about how you look, feel, and perform. But, I do find that having a general idea of my weight's trajectory can be useful and motivating, and I miss that.
You did see the emphasis on the pluralization, right? Wasn't sure if that was clear or not.
Watching momma cook
Where is MELANIE MASON?? Come on down! You are the next WInner of a springtime Paper Pad :) (Love my Price Is Right voice don't you :)
Holly Burn is a girl for whom the word “surreal” is a wild understatement; it would be like calling the one billion population of China “a man from the Orient”. She is billed on Pull The Other One’s flyers as “Bonkers But Brilliant” though, off-stage, she is only the third B in that billing.
Choi Yoo Min (oc)
I however, am not. Did you know that I have 2, count em, 2 tools that would be considered "desirable" for anyone who loves to cook?
I voted man with ma feet
swore they could smell honey on my breath
FAILURE! yells my inner nagger! FAILURE!!! Look at you! You didn't do a thing. You lose! You disqualified yourself.
Up and down 1st Saddle. Hiked the up but ran the entire descent (17min from the summitpost to the bottom of Amphitheater). This was enormously encouraging, and a lot of fun. Walking downhill sucks. Got some acupuncture afterwards.
In NYC, “it is disorderly conduct for one man to greet another on the street by placing the end of his thumb against the tip of his nose and wiggling the extended fingers of that hand.”
The first responsibility of any political candidate or movement is self-definition, providing answers to the following questions: (1) Who am I? (2) Why am I here? (3) What am I going to do or advocate? (4) By what means?
These are quick generalizations that I have taken out of the chapter to help myself better understand it, but I do know that networks and matrixes can become much more complicated than I have alluded to. Yet those complications are what get me in trouble, especially when mathematics and graphs start to get involved. My hope is that discussion with my classmates will better shed light on the subject.
Either the Muslims in this country can start playing ball and keeping control over their fanatical zealous suicide-bombers-in-waiting, or get the hell out of here. Period.
4. Remove from fire and allow it to cool.
By Ester and Jerry Hicks
I have no fun photos to post, but I do have something fun to share. . .
Is this another case of Domestic Violence? The story is reported saying that Drugs may have played a role in the twos quarrel, however, it’s just speculation as of now. It should be considered a tragedy for a woman to be gunned down like next weeks dinner. Multiple Gunshot wounds killed Jessica and it looks like they are looking for a self defense claim. It is too premature to discuss that, so why are they bringing this up? What is the point of trying to avoid an arrest or formal charging? What’s not being said in this case?
1 konis
I think I have, however, found out what's taking up the space on my laptop. It's patch files from Microsoft. Not sure if it's just Office or Office and Windows, but to find out which ones I can delete, I have to go through each one and check if it's in the registry or not. In other words, a full days work at the best, considering there's 12GB worth of them, and most of them are 4MB in size. Having said this, I've thought I've know what the problem is on several occasions, and it's been a dead end every time, so I won't hold my breath this time either.
"I will," I promised, "when they all go inside."
On the other hand, Vince really caught my attention with their spring mailer! It was incredibly plain. The Vince brand name was cut out of a simple cardboard piece, with a yellow insert. Stuck to that insert was a simple gift card that said “$50 Vince” on the front. That’s it, no other words. I instantly had a truly emotional response and thought “Wow! Who sent me a gift card present? So exciting!”. Then I flipped it over, and saw that it was actually a promotional coupon for “Please enjoy $50 off your purchase of $250 or more using code VINCE50”. A coupon re-branded as a gift-card! Love it.
My theme was butterflies and flowers....so you will see them throughout the mini
What the ego wants is comfort and control and the comfort of surrounding itself with a bunch of mirrors who only reflect back to it what it wants to see of itself.
With regard to meanings of racism and other systematic oppression, you might want to review the academic literature rather than relying on the dictionary. The Encyclopedia of Social Work would be a good place to start. Other authors include Gil and Iris Young (The Five Faces of Oppression).
“Frosty came to us as a stray three weeks ago and is an affectionate lovely lad; this is terribly sad as the thieves have taken away Frosty’s second chance of finding a new home. We are urging other dog owners and members of the public to keep an eye out for Frosty as we want to see him returned as soon as possible.”
Back to that chance joke--a friend of the old Bean suggested that Higgs Boson was also, coincidentally, the name of a Red Sox second baseman. My thought was that it was possibly the name of a late Twenties touring sedan, the Higgs Boson Phaeton Supreme. Elegant thing, but it had the unfortunate tendency to have its tires burst into flame at high speed and one such accident was responsible for the death of Grover Cleveland's great great grandson, Ohio Cleveland.
As you know, Shabby Chic is not my normal style. But after making my first Shabby Chic card the other day, I had to make another one. I have never used this many layers on a card!! But, what fun!!
He’s a Teacher – Not a One Line Politician - I respect this. Whether it is something positive, or something we’d rather not think about, there is substance in what he says. It is too serious to be summed up in a sound bite. His speeches in Congress and elsewhere make you think. He Cares more for this country than his political career - He is willing to say what must be said, without regard to the political fallout. He’s willing to put some different ideas out there, and accept the ridicule. He doesn’t change his stance because some find it unpopular. If given the opportunity to lead this country, his decisions would be made in the best interest of the American people and would take his Oath of Office seriously.
"They include the Short-beaked Echidna, the Platypus, and the Leadbeater’s Possum, all mammals found only in Australia, and the Red Andreaea, a plant endemic to the Agulhas Negras Mountains of Brazil. Also represented are many birds familiar in the northeastern U.S. such as the Peregrine Falcon, Barred Owl, Connecticut Warbler, House Sparrow, and one of the world’s most widespread -- the Barn Owl. There also are illustrations of an African Dung Beetle, along with the producer of its nourishment -- an African elephant. Also included are recreations of extinct organisms such as the Apatosaurus (a dinosaur), Deinosuchus (an ancient crocodile), Odontochelys (the ancestor of turtles) and Titanoboa (shown above)."
with much consideration and thought i have decided that for now i am taking a break from scrapping and SYC. I have been at this for 3 years now and i am tired.
Finally, Sam spied their father standing alone at the edge of the field. "There he is."
The most amazing part of this awakening has been the shift in my perspective, the literal change in my senses. I see people now. I see right through their physical, fleshy vessels and into the most delicate parts of their soul crying out to be seen. I hear people now. I listen to the words that flow from their mouths and hear directly into the heart of the child and the meaning behind the words they're really saying. I am experiencing heightened states of awareness when it comes to the pain each carries, and it has me vibrating beyond anything I've ever felt.
BOGO: “Buy One Get One.” Will be followed by something like “50% Off,” “25% Off,” or “Free.”
Are you aware that the ESV continues to evolve? When will it grow up? I was sent the link below by a friend today and it troubles me. The document lists nearly 300 changes and this group is only one in a series of revisions that have appeared (quietly) since its publication over a decade ago.
Whether you're looking to alleviate anxiety or plant the suggestion early, DOCTOR features 25 full-color photos of of doctors, nurses and medical equipment along with a title under each image.
between the street and frozen lake
lesotho_tradition
Thawing your mind.
I surrender
It won’t happen. Someone else has it and as far as I know, there is only one.
One can only hope that more companies adopt this idea.
Sassy also got measured for her first dance recital costume. I AM SO EXCITED! I actually started to tear up when she was getting measured. I have always love music and dance (though I'm not really talented at either) and so to have my daughter show the same excitement for things that I love is so awesome. Of course I will support her and be her biggest (and let's face it, loudest) cheerleader in anything she pursues, but I'm really excited that she loves dance. We have random dance parties at our house at least once a week.
With this we marched in to the first major activity for the day, which was to design an aerodynamic Air vehicle (with straws, paper plates, tissue papers). Though we didn’t have a clue about what we should be doing, the exercise taught us some lessons on how to approach a task even with a vague understanding.
THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE – INTERNATIONAL OVERVIEW
With a screech, the Ashen girl knocked Emily and James aside and leaped off the ground into a pillar of smoke, which bore her away towards the main Ashen force. None of the Weaver children stopped to watch her leave, however.
The Beare Park Boat Shed Cafe, 13 Esplanade Road, Elizabeth Bay
Say it with me....awwww. He's amazing.
Then Elijah said to Ahab, “Go up, eat and drink; for there is the sound of abundance of rain.” So Ahab went up to eat and drink. And Elijah went up to the top of Carmel; then he bowed down on the ground, and put his face between his knees, and said to his servant, “Go up now, look toward the sea.”
Named in the suit are Forest City Ratner; parent Forest City Enterprises; FCR affiliates Atlantic Yards Development Company and Brooklyn Arena; FCR CEO Bruce Ratner; and FCR Senior VP Jane Marshall. It also names BUILD, BUILD CEO James Caldwell, and contractor Orbin’s Big Green Machine and its president, Gausia Jones.
I remember reading those words, many months ago, and thinking there was no way I would ever feel the urge to cheat on my beloved baby-witch, Lizzy.
It is worth noting, the composition of pure MDMA is not the same as the street drug Ecstasy. Ecstasy usually contains MDMA in addition to ketamine, caffeine, BZP, and other narcotics and stimulants and its safety for use in humans is questionable. On the other hand, MDMA has been proven to be adequately safe for human consumption when taken a limited number of times in moderate doses.
For all of you that have been wondering, Baby Spud (our nickname for our third, still-in-utero child) is still taking up residence inside his or her Mumma. My due date is officially November 25th, but both Feistygirl and Funnyboy were early (10 days, and 18 days, respectively), so I'm feeling like its going to be any minute now. The head is veeerry low and deep, and I am as big as a planet.
Oh, the path leads to the sun. Brother, sister, time has come.
In case you're looking for some key takeaways here, I want to point out two common sense issues at play here:
It is not very large one can drive a car from the north to the south in about 2 hours as long as you don't stop any where along the way.
Rescue Pegs are also an excellent way to take a friend for a ride or transport your mechanic to and from the track.
being heaved in by the men of the house
This bothered me for a few days and I had a hard time with the tragedy. As a father of six, I have no idea how I would deal with the loss of one of my children. As a result, I appreciated my time with them each day just that much more.
Tahmima Anam
#4835 Precooked Hickory Smoked Bacon Slices $34.39 $38.99
Stuckey held an impromptu press conference on the sidewalk outside ESDC headquarters at 633 Third Avenue. He described those protesting the mega-development as “some people who live close in not liking tall buildings.”
Initial thoughts on the game : Its a game which could have been great. Comparison's with WoW are of course going to happen.
Spain has a 57 on the cultural scale of Hofstede’s analysis. Compared to Arab countries where the power distance is very high (80) and Austria where it is very low (11), Spain is somewhat in the middle on the continum. However, the country does lean toward a higher level of inequality. For instance, Spain has an unequal distribution of wealth and there is a distance gap between the wealthy and lower-income society. The country tries to close the chasm by creating many government sponsered programs such as universal health care.
church, age, number of victims, responses by the church and legal authorities to
Though I've said it before, I really do hope to come back to writing here with some increasing frequency. I've written many posts in my head, and at some point, I need to make room for other thoughts. :)
Lastly there are the wirildas (Acacia retinoides). Only 3 of these are up so far. I didn't get a clear picture of any of them, but I'm including this one just for comparison with the mearnsii. The wirilda starts life green:
I've been having some Afternoon blend a lot recently at home. It's nice and fragrant like Earl Grey. Shockingly I've been having it at all times of the day. Morning and evening. Scandalous behaviour.
* been through any kind of special forces training (particularly for the Navy SEALs)
Hello Folks!
The Momokawa Silver ($12) is noted as a "Dry Crisp Sake" and has dry, clean flavors with tastes of melon and green apple. It is simple and pleasant, a nice introductory sake. The Momokawa Diamond ($12) is noted as a "Medium Dry Sake" and has a very nice aroma of floral notes and tropical fruit. On the palate, it offers some tropical fruit and citrus flavors, and seems a softer, though still dry, sake than the Silver. The Momokawa Organic Junmai Ginjo ($13), noted as "Medium Rich," possesses even more tropical fruit flavors as well as underlying spice notes. It is crisp and dry, and very satisfying on the palate. The Momokawa Ruby ($12), noted as "Lightly Sweet," does seem to have a light sweetness to the taste, with more red fruit flavors as well as touches of melon and pear. It is rounder and more rich in the mouth. I have previously reviewed their G Joy sake so there is no need to repeat that here.
The fantasies of Funko-chan, aka Belgium made FNC were particularly entertaining, with numerous mentions of her thong underwear, apparently because she only has a skeleton stock. The amount that can fantasizes about seems endless, with lines like ‘I’d fire so fast with those big strong hands gripping me’ giving all a clear idea as to what this show is about. There are a few jokes at the beginning about various country stereotypes, and of course a few more at the end, but while they are quite funny, they don’t hold a candle to everything else.
I would very much like to be surprised and proven wrong though
19) Landing Page Bounce Rate - Think of this number as the flip side to your landing page conversion rate — it describes the percentage of people that visit your landing page and then immediately leave. If your bounce rate is high, you might need to better align the offer on the page with the language on the landing page, or come up with a more enticing offer.
Many years back she started to cook more than one bird for the dinner. Since the larger turkey took up all the space in her main oven she bought a medium sized rotisserie oven to cook a smaller, second turkey.
Re-Animator (1985)
action, see, ANNUL. Applying the force of deadly violence, you
Cheers, and thanks to anyone who’s joined me here.
(This post comes from Neal of North Chicago, Illinois.)
Now, speaking of AA Hubby trying, while he didn’t succeed at getting me a non-returnable gift with the standing lamp, he did take me by complete surprise with another gift that isn’t going anywhere! It’s staying right here. Naturally, there is more to this story, but I think I’ll save it for another post. The story’s a real gem.
I love the heat of a proper good summer, but the gardener in me acknowledges that the ground could use a good soaking. Nearly every night, I'm outside watering the borders until the light begins to ebb and I can feel the damp chill rising from the earth.
There were, of course, other facets to this vast investment in rites of commemoration: Māvīrar Nal on 27 November every year served as a means of legitimizing the Eelam project and the de facto LTTE state, while also inspiring the Tamil people in ways that encouraged mobilisation. It implanted firm bonds between Tigers, the Eelam cause and people. By 2001 there were 21 immaculately maintained tuyilam illam, or “resting places” for the Tiger fallen.[iii] They were widely regarded as “holy places” and “temples.”[iv] My photographs of the preparations for Māvīrar Nal at tuyilam illam at Kopay and Vadamarachy, as well as indelible memories of the vast concourse of perhaps 60,000 people at the tuyilam illam at Murrippu south of Kilinochchi in late November 2004, highlight the degree to which the sites were profound symbols for the Sri Lankan Tamils associated with the LTTE’s Eelam project.
In the meantime, if your child is a bully or you are a bully, take a long look at the statistics above and decide what direction you want to take in your life. It is a decision that could affect the rest of it.
Another business venture that could prospectively put the environment in a state of vulnerability is off shore drilling. We all witnessed the lingering implications of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill disaster, which may take years for the ecosystem system and the gulf economy to fully recover. As a result, it is critical to examine the obligations that businesses have in regards to the environment before disasters inevitably occur. Without setting standards on an international basis, companies won’t have a frame of reference and may feel as though they have the ability to conduct business in whatever manner they see fit.
Congas – Frankie Malabe
I stayed awake all night long. The next day, my mom asked me why I looked so tired. I just burst into tears. I didn’t rat out CBF, but I never watched another horror movie with her again. I also didn’t sleep for a month.
The story I'm about to tell did not happen today but a few days ago so it's pretty fresh. Not all my stories are of the "it could only happen to me variety" but this one most certainly is. For whatever reason I know no other person this would happen to!
Homes which in one way or another are related to the country lifestyle.
For I’m too tired
Since I've only worn these once, I don't think I can comment on how comfortable they are.
Cyclical anti-cyclical gyres of motions disappearing in the book of nirvana
I need to start thinking about what I will do when I grow up. Christian school tuition is difficult and we have only 2 full time students.. I have something on the back burner but so far just thinking about it has caused me sleepless nights.
We try the same methods of changing – and don’t realise that Jesus is right there beside us. He’s willing to help but won’t ‘butt in’ without invitation.
the New York Times (6/8/10) dutifully relayed Secretary of State
6″ textured gray reflector with pull chain power switch
We tested in two modes: Very High, and Ultra High. In Very High, DX11 and HBAO are both enabled, with tessellation set to “Normal” and no AA. Anisotropic filtering is set to x16 in-driver. Ultra High mode turns tessellation up to “High” and adds 8x MSAA. PhysX is off in both cases — while it adds some nice features and effects, it significantly slows down any system without an Nvidia GPU.
This time though it is an up and coming London Brewery, Weird Beard, and still, while expansion to commercial brewing is some three or four months away, a home brewing operation, so beers are given away, not sold. A couple of Sundays ago, they held a "Meet the Brewer" session at the Rake and offered up three trial beers for tasting. All were excellent and all pretty different to each other. A single hop Pale Ale of 5.6%, a Saison and a strong Cascadian IPA. Quite an impressive and diverse line up I think you'll agree. First up was the citric, tangerine tinged Single Hop Series No9 - Junga. Junga is a derivative of Northern Brewer and Marynka and comes from Poland. This was a classy beer, clean and properly bittered, with tangerine notes throughout. Sunshine Saison was spicy, strong at 6.4% and had a flowery and citrus touch. Sorachi Ace and Pacific Gem added an unusual and pleasant finish. Last of all, Fade to Black again showcased Sorachi Ace and you know what? It pulled it off. This would be a great beer to finish a session off with, or to sip contemplatively before bed. I liked all the beers and was impressed by their cleanness - regular readers know I like beers to be clean tasting - and their overall quality.
Winner : Lidl - yeah, like I buy beer from supermarkets.
Copyright (c) 1991 – 2004 VERITAS SOFTWARE CORP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Ok on to the Challenge: Here is what the lovelies over at PCI have to say…
The main wildflower I saw on the way up were wild mustard, but I've got plenty of pictures of them, already. In addition to the red poppy I mentioned above, there was a single bush of California Poppies and quite a bit of phlox in bloom.
Our God is a forgiving God when we repent of our sins and He longs to restore us to fellowship with Him.
This bunch of dead people return a lot faster than usual and so Francesco and Gnaghi are kept busy putting down the zombie scouts. They also have to deal with Claudio’s girlfriend who has heard the rumour that the dead come back to life and she refuses to leave his grave. Claudio was buried with his motorbike and when he returns he does so riding his bike. Francesco can’t manage to shoot him and can’t do anything to stop his girlfriend riding off with him. When he catches up with them Francesco shoots Claudio but the bullet ricochets and kills his girlfriend too. Francesco think he could be in trouble but decides to bury the girl in Claudio’s grave anyway.
During the brief pause that followed, I could sense him thinking about my embarrassment of plenty and being disgusted by it. Not only did I have $2.69 that I didn’t care about – probably enough to feed his entire family for a year — but I had mounds and mounds of paper records documenting my (comparatively) enormous wealth. It was too much trouble for the decadent American to exert himself a little.
And love, let’s remember, is definitely a gift. Except that I would further submit, we were ALL given the capacity to love and be loved. It’s not natural for some and unnatural for others. It’s a biological hard-wire for everyone but the most brutally damaged among us. We were naturally born to love, made for it. We are natural-born lovers.
1) Would you turn to look at the burning bush?
Corpus Christi, TX
Dad is generous to a T; he has graciously helped every member of our family. It is impossible for me to thank my Dad enough for all he's done - the only way I know how is to live my life as best as I can, and to dedicate my achievements to him. If could ever achieve ten percent in my lifetime of what my Dad did in his - given his humble beginnings - I'd probably be Prime Minister of Australia by now.
I certainly never confused what I did with brain surgery. A couple of people I've come across in the last few days in the customer service industry are under the delusion that what they do is.
Cleveland, Ohio. Because nothing says International like Cleveland, Ohio, the beer world pours into C-Town’s International Exposition Center. 200 breweries from across the globe bring in over 800 brews for the sampling at three public tasting sessions. The International Beer Fest, which is touted as the biggest beer showcase and competition in the west, welcomes celebrity brewers, authors and beer-world personalities, and hosts seminars to identify beer flavors, and a tasting room for food-and-beer pairings. (May 11 – 12)
as Muslim there and got in trouble in Koranic Studies for making faces
Like we've never loved before.
before our death -
This weekend was spectacular, as the older girls in my group had fun between shows putting on their own “flash mob” performance at a train station full of surprised and happy revelers headed to Chicago, videotaping themselves dancing on the streets, two-hour prep before a completely different costumes and hair at the Genesee Theater, five-minute notice to dance with the Shannon Rovers.
Soon a new season will stretch before you filled with the potential to deepen your relationship with your heavenly Father and to increase your ability to fulfill the special plan He has just for you! You are more likely to fulfill that plan if you are spiritually and physically fit. How will you begin the new season? Are you approaching it with a solid understanding of the nutritional requirements necessary for spiritual and physical vitality or are you randomly starting it without a deliberate dietary plan?
Shall I fall to death's feather.
It's Disney World for grownups: Yes, Vegas is the new family hotspot, but I'd be hestitant about bringing children there. Hotels such as the Mandalay Bay are ideal - huge pool area, and "Lion King" and Colby Caillat performances. At some point, one is going to have to leave the hotel to go to neat attractions such as Bellagio's fountains and Mirage's volcano. However, you're going to walk down "the Strip" and see billboards for adult shows, alcohol promotions and Mexicans workers handing out flyers for call girls. You could plan to be strategic, but I'm not sure how much fun it would be for adults or the children.
And I set out on my journey: job searching and applying, job searching and applying. Occasionally, I had an interview or two, but nothing really panned out. During this same time, however, two things started happening that I didn’t foresee. I started spending time with Jake again (unconsciously making NYC a preference amongst the 5 cities now) and my job began to offer me more projects and opportunities – eliminating the whole restless thing I had going on (although I still wanted more money). Even with those two things occurring, I kept searching and applying, believing that wherever I was supposed to be – something/ the right thing would come through for me. And one day, I received a call for a job I’d applied for in Brooklyn and they wanted me to come up for an interview. Having been through a few interviews prior, I didn’t get overly excited but it certainly had everything I was looking for (great career potential, more money, and this new found desire for NYC). I went to the 1st interview and I KNEW I’d knocked that interview out of the park.
There is a reason the movie The Hangover was written.
700 ml vegetable stock
Some of my pets are outside; some are inside. One wants in as I type. These pets also need food and fresh water. I have to do that today, too.
In Chiapas, Mexico, portions of the indigenous populations, such as Mayans and Tzotzils, have embraced Islam. Photo: Tumblr: Ihavefaith
I was 23. I also refer to this time period as 1993 BC (before child) and 1993 AD (after delivery).
"Hey, did you know you're pregnant?" "Do you think you might be knocked up?" "I hate to break it to you, but you've been putting on a couple pounds lately." "You sure it's not twins in there?" HAHAHA OMG I'VE NEVER HEARD THAT BEFORE AND CERTAINLY NOT DAILY FOR THE LAST SIX MONTHS YOU'RE SO FUNNY HAHAHAHAHA.
skate tightener
Holly (Viva Bianca) has decided to retire from high-class hooking and fly to Paris, thus also escaping psycho regular Ligurian (a convincingly dead-eyed Peter Docker). Meanwhile, 17-year-old Shay (Hanna Mangan Lawrence), a country runaway, arrives broke in Kings Cross. She’s trying her luck at the kerbside when she meets Holly, who needs a brunette for one last, high-paying three-way. Then they witness a murder, and find themselves on the run from the killer.
So much for Joseph-Ignace Guillotin.
Not too shabby eh?
As long as they are physically capable we turn very few applicants away. I do feel sorry for the boy, virtually blind from childhood in one eye, that I have to turn away. That disability could compromise his safety in a minefield, but I know he will have no other opportunities in this village. I turn down some other boys for being under age. They may state firmly that they are 19, but giving me their real date of birth (and the documentation to prove it) is a bit of a give away. They are disappointed, but philosophical, joining their chums and watching proceedings as we provide the day's entertainment.
John, wrote that God has made believers his own children and then added, “What we will be has not yet been made known;” but we do know that when Jesus “appears, we shall be like him.” (1 John 3:1-2)
Are you the kind of person that would carry a friend to Jesus? What if there are obstacles, do you give up? What if a third party needs help bringing his friend to Jesus, are you willing to help?
The Time Waster-- This person heads to the game section of facebook when they can't figure out how to dig themselves out of the hole they wrote themselves into, or when they can't figure out what the heck is wrong with the part they are editing or how to fix it. Those virtual pats on the back are the only thing going right. Like water in the desert.
Then we collapsed into a hug. I did it. I really did it. I ran a half marathon in under 2 hours. 1:57:33 officially. Turns out Kim had put 1:57:59 on the pace band. I'm so thankful for Kim, for everyone in the OPRC who believed in me, and everyone who came out to cheer.
Jeff Andrews – Interiors that have movement, a voice and will last the test of time.
1. Simply not doing drill was a pleasant thing per se.
But before we get into the detail, let’s just pause and examine the phrase ‘real opposition’. To be frank, I’ve been frustrated and annoyed by the speed with which – even where lowlife like Murdoch are concerned – people still scuttle back into their Left/Right caves at the first sign of ‘being attacked’.
Back to the animals…while we were there, I got to take an inside peak at the cows they were sending over to the Spring Jersey Sale too. They are all such beautiful cows but one…I would have taken her (and I just might if I can get the winning bid)! It was amazing to see how gentle they were with them and how similar their cows are to the ones we have here. No fussing, no fighting…just a gentle walk up onto the hauler.
Chris Hemsworth as Thor is very appealing. And Chris Evans as Captain America manages to transcend the essential corny jingoism of his character.
I’ll invite you along. If you want to read the novel as it is being written, email me at monkglenn@me.com. I will ask a few questions first. It’s not for everyone. I could use company on this “walk.”
~Kitty Bullard GMTA reviews
I would consider doing it again,
Austin, Texas, Aug. 2, 2011 – Flying Saucer will host its Fourth Annual Fall Beer Festival on Saturday, Oct. 1 from 2 to 9:30 p.m. at Triangle Park, located at 4600 Guadalupe St., directly behind the Saucer’s 815 W. 47th St. location.
tu pecho agobiado requiera bondad,
INTERNET
I feel that one of the hardest part of losing a child later in the pregnancy is that fact that I have gain at least an extra 20 pounds but no baby to show for it. Does that make sense?
Sounds weird, right? Well, with today being pizza Friday in our house and I have a ton of leftover pork from last night's dinner I decided to experiment and make a pizza with the pulled pork. I've had pulled pork on a pizza before and it was really good. I am hoping this will too. I'll be sure to post an update and let you all know how it turned out.
No, concentrate.
05 ?
I mean, how can he be with **Miley**??? Ick. And I have to say that after reading the books, I was team Peeta all the way (that was before I saw who was playing him in the movie, not as impressive, but *meh*), so there you have it. Muzzle. (c:
How do these manuscripts change what we believe the original New Testament to say? We will have to wait until they are published next year, but for now we can most likely say this: As with all the previously published New Testament papyri (127 of them, published in the last 116 years), not a single new reading has commended itself as authentic. Instead, the papyri function to confirm what New Testament scholars have already thought was the original wording or, in some cases, to confirm an alternate reading—but one that is already found in the manuscripts. As an illustration: Suppose a papyrus had the word “the Lord” in one verse while all other manuscripts had the word “Jesus.” New Testament scholars would not adopt, and have not adopted, such a reading as authentic, precisely because we have such abundant evidence for the original wording in other manuscripts. But if an early papyrus had in another place “Simon” instead of “Peter,” and “Simon” was also found in other early and reliable manuscripts, it might persuade scholars that “Simon” is the authentic reading. In other words, the papyri have confirmed various readings as authentic in the past 116 years, but have not introduced new authentic readings. The original New Testament text is found somewhere in the manuscripts that have been known for quite some time.
Sora, don’t you know when a dog starts to bark, it’s followed by a bite? (Uh!)
Klaus! Evil vampire antagonist who has killed everyone the main characters of the show have ever cared about!
With thanks to Denise Nesbitt, who created ABC.For more interesting ABC posts click on the logo in the sidebar or Here. This week we are looking for words beginning with N.
Junior: What if you haven't got any hands?
3) Age
It was a desperate time for us all, and you know what they say about desperate times? Oh for crying out loud, get your mind out of that gutter this instant! No, desperate times called for desperate measures, and none more desperate than my actions that day. Most of the men focussed on the ground troops or tried to strike down the walkers with heavy artillery or missiles. Men who had never taken the time to read up on the enemy enough to know that you can rarely take out one of those buggers with anything short of a god-damned nuke! But it wasn’t a nuke I used that day, no siree.
As the organizer of the Airleaf Victims, a group of over 600 authors who have joined together over the fraudulent activities of the now defunct company of Airleaf Publishing in Martinsville, Indiana, I was extremely disheartened and shocked when the FBI informed me on April 3, 2009, that the United States Attorney of Indiana, Timothy Morrison, had decided that our case was not going to be prosecuted by his office. According to Mr. Morrison, our case does not meet the "criminal codes" of Indiana.
Even though yogurt has so many good, nutritious things about it, I’m not much of a yogurt person for some reason. Maybe I just never had very good yogurt when I was a kid!
Stayed up later than I wanted to and slept on the couch with a child who wasn't ready for bed, because we always had fun and learned to respect each other.
Cars parked on the drives of houses bigger than mine.
Here's a classic example - the amazing walking bass on Invitation from Joe Henderson's great 'Tetragon' album. Everything that's great about Carter's bass playing is on display here - if you want to know how to play so much C minor and yet never repeat yourself, then you need to check this out. The bass is a little over-recorded and the sound a little too early Barcus-Berry pick up (for my taste anyway), but the way Carter bosses this track is just extraordinary. And he and DeJohnette sound so good together.......
Religion and Science:
Eureka Springs has always been a special place. The first visitors came back in the late 19th century when dozens of mineral springs were found flowing from the sides of the mountains there. The town was founded in 1877 and in less than one year more than 3,000 people came to live in Eureka.
This would be the last year New York hosted the Oscars. And this would be the last hurrah for the New Century Theatre as well. It would be torn down in 1962 and replaced with the rather sleek, curvy 200 Central Park South co-op.
UNDENIABLE DESIRE
She cocked her head and looked at me, "Yes," she said, "I think so. From the opening pages the writer's doing a good job capturing where this young girl is coming from."
First had this puppy at the Texas Beer Fest (not the Houston Beer Fest), and I enjoyed it. Now let's see if this thing can taste just as good when I'm not in a rodeo arena in Humble on my 14th 2-ounce beer. Aw that nose is awesome. Big piney hops with a huge caramel malt. Perfect pour in my Circle Brewing pint glass, with a huge white head. Beer is unbelievable at the beginning with a huge caramel malt and massive piney/lemon hops. The middle of the slug has something like a slight metallic, and there is a big ick hop flavor on the aftertaste. A pinch more cloying than I would want, but hey, that's Double IPA for ya. Need some food.
"You mean it might change?"
Douthwaite, R (1996). Short Circuit: Strengthening Local Economics for Security in an Unstable World. Green Books, Dartington, UK.
Boys: W… What’s that? Hey let’s go!
The wind was high and the clouds were dark,
And I see it as an omen,
But I had not yet reached that when Bolero came along.
“I am verily a man which am a Jew, born in Tarsus, a city of Cilicia, yet brought up in this city at the feet of Gamaliel, and taught according to the perfect manner of the law of the fathers, and was zealous towards God, as ye all are this day.”
Above any face artificial
Udasi conducts 50 to 60 deliveries a month while she maintains the track record of zero maternal mortality rate in Childa subcentre over the last five years.
I’m almost positive that Alexander Skarsgård killed God, stole his thunderbolts, and now whenever he looks at anyone or anything, invisible thunderbolts shoot out of his eyeballs. That is why they are that perverse shade of electricity-conducting blue. What you are seeing is actual electricity, he doesn’t even have irises, it’s just abhorrent forks of electricity coursing through his eyeballs. And what is with his hair? It is just way too golden. I have it on good authority that it’s not even real hair! Yeah, it’s true! My instincts tell me that it’s a freakish alien hybrid of gold and silk and if you touch it once, you’ll die. Of happiness.
One might assume by the title of this book that this Cave's memoir of writing for the pulps. But it is not a memoir in the true sense of the word. But both Jacobi and Cave wrote such finely detailed letters about their day-to-day activities as writers and dealing with publishers that in many ways it's better than a memoir.
In Canada, public pension fund managers are properly compensated and they do not pay external funds for strategies they can replicate in-house. They pay experts to do direct deals in real estate, private equity, infrastructure and they'll have internal teams in public markets to generate absolute returns.
In the moonlit sky
Perhaps I should, I could – and yet
I made up for my sins of "no beer with dinner" by playing darts and drinking a healthy amount of 512 Bruin Brown ale they had on cask hand pump at good ol' Gingerman. This place was the polar opposite of 6th street bars. Lots of pea coats and tame beer love. Not going to see much vomit on the side of the road. We actually managed to see some stars, and used an Android app to find all the constellations.
Regardless of my error, you’re getting the photo essay.
I can’t believe i’m allowed to be nominated… tears.
There was no immediate explanation for the quitting of Khasawneh, a former judge of the International Court of Justice.
The current cast of characters:
anybody else having issues like this?
Challenges that I can enter this project into:
he takes his job as our provider very seriously.
This is the tunnel I want to do alllll the way down our 100 yard drive way - Neil vetoed that idea.
Juxtaposing this to the Nigerian scenario, Nigerian writers and creative artists have to jettison their mystical appendages in contemporary works. This is not an advocacy for rejecting our roots and beliefs. Writers and artistes remind us of our history, portray the challenges of the present, but more importantly create a future for generations yet unborn. Creative writers channel the thought pattern of society. What type of future are we creating? What type of picture are we painting presently? One shrouded in magic, mystical forces and superstitions. Do we choose to remain at the lowest rungs of societal development? The answer lies in the way we use our pens.
i want to document the day for many reasons. i don't want to forget a single moment of adam's first birthday and will always have this to look back on to remember the details that become fuzzy with time. i'd also like adam to have somewhere to look someday (if i ever come out of the blogging closet with mr. wannabe and adam!) if he'd like to read about how he came to be.
Restless, I mentally redesign my container gardens and shop for discount pots. I torture myself with virtual planting combinations, frustrated at the prospect of buying plants that might be underwhelming. I want container garden certainty if I can't have snow and have decided I'd like to stage a dress rehersal for summer.
They throw in Drummer Hodge, to rest
3. Yes, beloved souls, love is just that simple — allowing it to be! As often as the word love is spoken, written or read, it is possible — probable! — that the power of love and the many forms in which love is expressed rarely are recognized. Love and light are the two faces, if you will, of the energy essence of Creator, that most powerful force in the cosmos. Especially now, with so little time before Earth reaches fourth density, it is vital to understand that love is the key to every soul’s ascension. That is why I asked my mother to insert here the part of a book where she and I talked about love and light.
some hues we adored.
The taking of her love.
A less common, but often much more expensive, vanity anthology scheme is the pay-to-play anthology. In this version of the scheme, writers must pay upfront for inclusion in the anthology, usually by buying large numbers of finished books or other merchandise.
Anyway after what had happened i just tried to forget it but it didnt help me that he was still trying to get intouch with my through the internet, telephone and even while we were out with my fiance.
After we are briefed on man's domineering spirit, we are treated to a pair of montages which convey his destructive tendencies in ways both eruptive and corrosive. The first sequence is comprised of archival footage of warfare, a barrage of explosions in the sky and on the ground. This is followed by a tour of the doomed Pruitt-Igoe projects in St. Louis, a barren expanse of concrete and detritus which was laid to waste in a series of controlled demolitions. The ideological failure represented by the ruination of Pruitt-Igoe embodies numerous themes of the film: the societal decay reflected in urban sprawl; the human misery wrought by poverty and overpopulation; the myopic folly of our faith in technology. The footage of the projects' day of reckoning initiates the second montage in this cycle, during which we are treated to the demise of a variety of structures, including high rise buildings and support bridges. This battery of implosions and explosions achieves a level of bombast which borders on the absurd, undercutting the gravity of the situation even as it hammers the viewer into submission.
Many Western countries are now trying to support Myanmar’s democratic reforms by improving their ties with the country.
The element of the uncanny reminded me of the Viktor and Rolf retrospective exhibition at the at the Barbican Gallery in London in 2008 in which porcelain dolls of various sizes were used to present the designer duo’s fifteen years of work. The installation played with scale and was somewhat like a trip to Alice in Wonderland, which was exactly the intent of the exhibition designers (Evans 6).
This is, however, a really bad analogy in at least two ways. First, families have to pay back their debt. Governments don’t — all they need to do is ensure that debt grows more slowly than their tax base. Second — and this is the point almost nobody seems to get — an over-borrowed family owes money to someone else; US debt is, to a large extent, money we owe to ourselves. It’s true that foreigners now hold large claims on the United States, including a fair amount of government debt. But every dollar’s worth of foreign claims on America is matched by 89 cents’ worth of US claims on foreigners. And because foreigners tend to put their US investments into safe, low-yield assets, America actually earns more from its assets abroad than it pays to foreign investors. If your image is of a nation that’s already deep in hock to the Chinese, you’ve been misinformed. Nor are we heading rapidly in that direction. So yes, debt matters. But right now, other things matter more. We need more, not less, government spending to get us out of our unemployment trap. And the wrongheaded, ill-informed obsession with debt is standing in the way.
What are you thinking about? If your mind is controlled by the bad economy, the recession, the unemployment, the unfairness of the company, the hurt of a past relationship, or the limitations of your formal education, your “horse” will be taking you toward scarcity, misery, and unhappiness.
Wariner owned the 400 in the middle of this decade winning the Olympics in 2004 and the World Championships in '05 & '07. Wariner rarely lost, and then only in meets that were off the radar and really didn't matter - about once a year. But something happened on his way to a defense of his Olympic title last year - a worthy opponent stepped up his game, Lashawn Merritt.
According to Ozymandias, Bill Foxton had won an award from the SAS:
Women today are busy. They have jobs… they take care of the kids… run the household… they do the shopping… they do the cooking… they do the cleaning… and then they have to try to prepare Special Diet Meals? On top of all that… they try to carve out enough time so they can get to the gym and workout for an hour or two 4 or 5 times a week.
Perhaps it's time for a West Coast pulp show, folks.
I’m down to just twenty days until I leave…less than three weeks! It’s crunch time. Crazy!
Naff – poor quality and a bit stupid
Be thankful for what you have; you’ll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don’t have, you’ll never, ever have enough
Kashi or Back to Nature Wheat Crackers
squeeze any remaining juice from the cucumbers
Look Who's Talking Now!
I love how the story concludes in Exodus 18. Jethro offers the hope of a preferred future, “If you do this and God so commands, you will be able to stand the strain, and all these people will go home satisfied.”
Point of no return: Besides the title, and the cover illustration? It's about one of my favourite people! First line: "Emily was a serious girl."
Just several klicks south of Deadman Island the sun would of been completely exposed & thus, a great sunset I bet!
Not sure whether you want to read what I said or at least what I wanted to say, because I forgot bits and pieces in all my nervousness but here it is.....(and I dedicate these words to my mother, love you mum!).
Always: I talk myself into it or go back and get it
- to facilitate communication with collaborators
-Punk fights to the ropes and finally makes it but ropes don’t cause a break here.
– Civilians Confirm L.A. County Jail Inmate Brutalization Reports
Wow!!! first crazy story for my blog. Last night I got called out to a domestic where a married couple was fighting. The back story is that earlier in the day, prior to my shift, the wife was driving down the road with her 11 month old female child in her lap. The wife had a major accident with her child in her lap. Wife had broken her leg in three places and the baby had a deep cut on her head. Mom advised that she had taken some medication prior to driving and had fallen asleep at the wheel. Medical came out and both mom and baby was transported to the hospital. Don’t worry the child was ok and the officer’s on scene later filed DWI and endangerment to a child on the mom. While at the hospital child protective services (CPS) were called out and the dad was notified. The dad got temporary custody of the child and the mom was ordered not to have contact with the child without supervision. The child is checked out of the hospital and the dad takes child home and all is well….for a while.
oh how angry the deities became when
Be blessed with a Wonderful Day :)
11And all the angels stood round about the throne, and about the elders and the four beasts, and fell before the throne on their faces, and worshipped God,
This post marks my last day of professional experience but to be honest, my experience still continues. Even though I had to do professional experience as part of my module, I plan to continue looking for more because it is a really good insight into the industry. Hopefully I will be able to take on an internship or apprenticeship some time in the future.
*Clip coupons
“We dislike the government’s intervention in the natural functioning of the markets, and it creates another variable of uncertainty that in the end goes back and affects the country’s economy due to the higher risk,” he said in emailed answers to questions by Dow Jones Newswires.
Where was I...right, the man wearing flip-flops. While waiting in line, I happened to glance down at his feet and was treated to the nastiest thing. Ugly toe nails. Now, before you get all hopped up, let me clarify that there is a difference between toe nails that aren't attractive and UGLY toe nails. These were ugly. I would even go so far as to say they were fugly. Fugly nails, people. They were a weird brownish-yellowish color and they looked like they could take a layer of skin off if they were to attack you. Needless to say I was not only traumatized by this but I was also unable to look away. It was like a train wreck, you don't want to look but you can't stop looking.
We had to do several book reports through the semester and my first one, that I thought was pretty good, went eight pages. He returned it to me. I re-wrote it. Still too long.
How will you be spending Anzac Day? Regardless of your views on our involvement in wars (past and present), I feel it's important to honour those who have fought for our country and those currently bravely serving us. I have cousins in the Army, and they're pretty darn courageous (and work super hard).
I put on my Sunday face and welcomed her as if she was an old friend. I was, after all, a minister’s wife, and thought she probably knew me.
I’m contemplating whether or not to give Walmart any more of my money than they’ve already ripped me off! As I’m contemplating this I notice that I can buy a new printer that comes with 2 ink cartridges for LESS than I can buy just 2 cartridges for my existing printer! 49 bucks for a new printer….. well should I!? Nah! Screw Walmart. I stormed out of Walmart and went home, put my non returnable cartridge for sale on amazon and bought 2 new ones off of amazon for 22 bucks including shipping! Is there something wrong with that picture! Ah… YES YES there is! BLOWS MY MIND!!! How bout you!?
So here it is - brain malfunction and all (slow morning here).
This Marlboro Lights case reminds me of the former city marketing slogan (trademarked) of the Hong Kong Tourism Board: Hong Kong, The City of Life! Isn't this deceptive? If, out of every 100,000 deaths in Hong Kong, 43 can be blamed on air pollution? I suggest the following slogan: Hong Kong people should get rid of pollution before pollution gets rid of Hong Kong people. Read more here. Hong Kong City of Fatal Attractions might be better? My beloved Hong Kong has now chosen, together with many other Asian cities I am sure, for the more generic Asia's World City. I know HK can do better than this.
ATRI considered how the safety programs within individual motor carriers contribute to this relationship between violations and crash risk. Anecdotal information was gathered by interviews with “top tier” fleets and suggest that there’s been a shift from 2005 to 2011:
I'm just a girl
Impunity Index Rating: 0.431 unsolved journalist murders per million inhabitants
This comes from page 121 of Martha Stewart's Cookie Book, where the recipe is titled Lime Meltaways. When I first made these, I rolled the dough up and the first roll was dipped into sugar, like the recipe states. But then I was eating them and I saw a Dane who's in one of my classes, and I was reminded that if the extra sugar is taken away, they're very similar to Denmark's Jutlander cookies that are eaten over Christmas. So the next roll did not get the extra sugar. I liked them both ways. Y'all will have to decide for yourselves if you like them better with more sugar or less. But here's the recipe, regardless. Hope you enjoy!
I'm LOVING this carnival theme....the colors would work so well with my room.
He took his time arriving, but when he decided to make an appearance he was outta there in less than half an hour! My brother and a nurse practically delivered him. (Love that bro says he tried to "stay away from the business end" lol.) My SIL Andrea was quite the trooper. I hear she didn't even cry... that seems inhuman. (Andrea, if you're reading this... know that I'm seriously considering the possibility that you are an alien who was sent here to quote Will Farrel with weirdo-little-sisters and populate the earth with incapacitatingly-cute offspring. I'm on to your master plan.) I'm very proud of them both for everything they're doing, and the strength of character it shows. You're both going to be rockin' rents, even if one of you is probably from Jupiter.
The Taj Mahal (1628) Love for wife in this mausoleum for woman who was so special to him, the mother of his children (no mention of other wives and other children)
sarva-devamayo guruḥ
Copper: 155.40 g/tonne, is still 57% above its 2009 low of 99 g/tonne.
Kathy Griffin informs readers on knowing when to try harder and when to walk away. Lisa Ling explores the idea that your childhood may not have been perfect, but it’s over, Portia de Rossi talks to accepting our bodies for what they are and loving them. Lauren Conrad tells every woman what she really needs to know, what she has learned about what she would and wouldn’t do for money or love. A small excerpt can be found on Today.com where Anne Christensen gives you her detailed list of, Something perfect to wear if the employer or man of your dreams wants to see you in an hour.
Prediction:
Hop in his walks, and gambol in his eyes,
I’m more in love with him every day. This change in my life has been so uplifting that I am able to really see the good things that I have, and one of them if my boyfriend. I am happier than I have ever been (with him, but also with my life in general).
Secret societies are interesting solely because of their secrecy. In reality, they probably just meet up to play darts and discuss their irregular bowel movements with other balding, middle aged men. In all likeliness, it’s possibly just a golf club with a large sense of worth.
I've tried journaling, but need a little more to push my firsties through this last quarter.
Until you see my name in print I will try and remember to tote my camera to work and document some of the beauties I have been turning out. Do you have any interest? Would you rather see what comes out of our kitchen here at home? I am open to any and all feedback.
The pair, who were both armed with AK47 rifles, were shot more than 30 times when the SAS unit opened fire at isolated farm buildings near Loughgall.
You are an amazing husband, caring for me as the weaker vessel, pushing me towards Christ-likeness. You are an amazing Daddy, constantly putting the needs of our boys ahead of your own. You're their example of what it is to be a godly man, and they are blessed to have you. You are an amazing leader, pastoring our church family, humbly, realizing that the job God has bestowed on you is nothing to take lightly. But you also lead with confidence, because of the One who lives in you.
What does work-life balance mean to you? To me it means setting boundaries. Yes, sometimes I will work late. No, I will not work late every night. (Etc., etc.)
-Go through my coupons
Police say mall security officers chased Guadarrama when he tried to flee - but he had stuffed so many of the eight-ounce glass bottles of lotion in his trousers that he could barely run.
Good thing for me, that me and my family has never been big on Christmas gifts, it was never a tradition for us to exchange gifts, but I did try to at least bake some Christmas goodies to give for friends. Last year, it was extremely last minute, I baked some stuff the night before the last day of work to distribute to some coworkers. Then, I promised myself to plan better next year (which is this year) and bake lots of different goodies, I've already had a list of what I want to make and believe me, there are tons and they're all sounds so good! Now that "next year" is finally here, here I am being in the same situation as last year, if not worse. It's only days before Christmas and here I am typing a small part of this draft post on Sunday at work in between firmware builds, so sad I know.
I hope I've inspired you to create some special Valentines of your own! Let me know in the comment section if you've found a Valentine printable or craft you just have to share. I'd love to hear from you!
This is Tucker’s modus operandi. Time and time again we find her overcoming the natural tension of performing by dealing with what is really going on in the moment, without artifice, and thereby turning the tables on a bad situation. Booked for a show with Manchester and Hill’s burlesque wheel (where she met life long friend Fanny Brice), she was so bad in rehearsal that dismissal seemed imminent. However, she managed to bring down the house on her opening line “Henry!” by shouting it so loud that it rattled the roofbeams. For a show called Louisiana Lou she got a similar reaction by making her entrance with her pants “accidentally” unbuttoned. For a date in Boston, her minstrel get-up got put on the wrong train. She simply scrounged up a presentable gown and did the act au natural – Caucasian.
Maggie muttered a variety of curses in multiple languages while Sybil added a few of her own.
Answer 4: Whenever your rights bump up against the power of the high office holders or their mid- to low-office minions, you lose. Every time. Wherever or whenever you think Americans have been free in the past, it is just because the feds (read as “enforcers for the elites”) hadn’t gotten around to walling that place off yet. The tyranny has always been lying there dormant, waiting to be used, and leaks through the cracks in times of crisis. But now, it’s all crisis, isn’t it?
This may not be a terribly in-depth look at SMUG, but it's what I can do right now.
The bad guys are literally scared to death of “HIM,” or the one the Book of Enoch calls the God of gods, the King of kings, and the Lord of lords. Even the mention of HIS name sends them scurrying like the cockroaches they are.
It was broadcast in Mandarin on Astro AEC, with a simultaneous translation in Bahasa Malaysia on Astro Awani, and aired over the Star’s 988FM.
I tried to sound like the confident maternal type.
We can keep talking at length about painful concessions, but as long as on the other side we have blood-thirsty psychopaths capable of knifing an 11-year-old child, a four-year-old boy, and a baby who was just born, such talk would mostly be futile.
Nothing much planned for today. Glad I got the dog’s yard mowed yesterday. Need to cut more, but the dogs tell me theirs is the most important, and I agree. I hate to, but I guess I will look over my “to do” list or just continue with cleaning out my office. I am getting lazy in my old age, of course my wife says I should be good at being lazy now since I have had enough practice over the years. Actually, I never heard her say that out loud, but I know what she is thinking it (grin). OK, going to do something but maybe read some blogs first. Then check my email. Heck, by then it will be lunch time. Now that’s a plan and I am going to stick to it. . .
~ Most people will take YOUR decision to home educate YOUR children personally. One of the first responses I get is "But have you been to our school and checked it out, it's fantastic"
This really is nothing new. I've always loved this stuff! its just on an anti candida diet i was avoiding it. i've been a little less strict with myself and added a couple tablespoons of it back into my life. so far so good. I always love mixing it with some lakanto and vanilla drops and eating it slowly with a spoon :-)
Topic: Onomatopoeia
Sarah (1.3) is our smiling sunshine. She has finally mastered walking and the stairs, which means she RULES THE HOUSE! She loves her blanket, watching Curious George, and keeping an eye out for the Big kids to get home from school.
Your Instruction: I want the red color case.
(I recommend everybody should go check out all the awesome first read giveaways they have!)
The next NAFA Rocky Mountain Chapter Meeting will be our annual car show meeting!
My spiritual teacher tells me it is all just an appearance. And I just feel well this horror at the injustice might just be an appearance, yet, it is appearing. I am not separate from the child in a burn ward screaming, screaming, screaming. I am not separate from the mother hearing the screaming and her heart smashing open. And all she can do is hum softly.
(H/T MMDave)
After pausing to straighten the collar of his deep green jacket, Lucian walked on. Despite his rage, he needed to remain presentable for the upcoming conference – as presentable as he was for every event he attended. He tried slicking back that unruly strand of hair that hung over his right eye, but it remained untamable as ever, doing nothing to help his mood. Frowning, the general stepped onto the main staircase and murmured, “Tenth floor.”
Meanwhile, I can't resist this question, even though it's brand new and there are older questions to answer.
In a survey of offenders, 41 per cent reported witnessing violence in their home as a child and 29 per cent – or almost a third – reported emotional, sexual or physical abuse as a child.
Covered with cushiony clover
As sharp as ice and flame in me,
But what about the other side of this equation? Does Philly want New Belgium? I suspect our local brewers -- several of whom make a good living doing just what New Belgium does -- would not necessarily be up for that, but...if I were a local politician, if I were a local business owner, if I were a taxpayer?
I am the lover’s gift; I am the wedding wreath;
* Maternity underwear (or just a few pairs of cotton underwear in larger sizes), so you don't stretch out your fancy underwears while you're pregnant. (Apparently they can be saggy afterwards! A friend told me that, and I'm so grateful she did!)
These are Australia, Canada, China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Korea, Micronesia, Switzerland, Thailand, and the United States. Can’t Arroyo find an expert in the United States or in Hong Kong (where former President Estrada had his knee surgery seven years ago)? Thailand is also known for surgeries – sex transplant, that is. Though it is tempting to plot this situation as a case of individual rights over people’s rights, it appears that is not the case.
1. i am not female. my research has shown that 94.88% of all FP are female. further, 67% of all female FP are hot. the remaining 33% that aren’t hot, are really hot.
Last Saturday we ran to Piggly Wiggly Supermarket for roast beef, and what are they playing?
I won't be with you on your 35th to laugh as we joke about how the 20's are the worst.
Satellite Dish
We had originally planned to get married in the Spring of next year but then decided that was too far away for us. lol
Portions of this curious house -- named Clear Comfort, but readily known today as the Alice Austen House, after its most famous resident -- can be traced to a modest one-room structure built in the 1690s, when Staten Island (or, as the British preferred to call it, Richmond County) had only about 1,000 residents, mostly Dutch farmers. From the windows of the original farmhouse, the residents might have seen the British, using Richmond as a base, attacking Washington's forces on the opposite shore in Brooklyn in August 1776.
Blessed are the birchmarked trees and pilchard burn,
Y'all be good, now!
So, yes, I miss those days of show-off-Mom cakes and pies; of popcorn balls made by neighbors and shared with kids without fear of poisons or contamination.
The stations were somewhat visually sparse in appearance to attract you to them. An estimate for activity levels at all the stations seems to be 1,000 cyclists stopping by.
I keep forgetting about it.
1) What in your life drains your energy?
Excuse me for not laughing. Our father's justice gets closer, and I'm on a sugar-free diet.
Finally, I jumped up, ready to do battle. Unfortunately, I couldn't think of a single weapon that would be useful while he held the upper ground. I did consider getting the broom from the pantry, but that would require leaving my reconnaissance post, and that would have been completely unacceptable. After all, who would be left to guard my bedroom doorway if I went AWOL? We all know that a renegade spider loose in the bedroom may be the only thing worse than one loose in the bathroom. I quickly took my eyes from the enemy just long enough to perform a sweeping search of the available weaponry, and I found a small pile of ponytail holders in reach. AHA!
I shouldn’t have to feel it’s ok to go for a walk in the park so long as there’s a bench for me to sit on.
I maybe a little while before I can get this one written but it is something to look forward to.
It was a lovely salad. And tasty. And super-healthy. It’s the perfect lunch to eat if you’re trying to slim down before the bikini season. Summer is sooner than you think!
The girls hailed from Marion, Iowa. They started performing to raise funds so that they could attend the Chicago World’s Fair in 1893. An enterprising and cynical genius spotted them and realized he could make an act out of it. As such, it was way ahead of its time. It was another 90 years, for example, before David Letterman would present Larry “Bud” Melman. The Cherry Sisters began to be booked throughout the mid-west. Oscar Hammerstein, having read about them in reviews like the one above quoted, brought them to the Victoria, knowing that a sophisticated and, well, cruel New York audience would especially relish this sort of entertainment.
Verse 11 states: But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
David Cameron of course doe snot deserve any type of commendation for the revelation that, as many thought, the Conservative party sells gongs. This ‘revelation’ does nothing for his claims that 2012 will be Britains year because we are all going to “go for it” together. Apart from taking action on public services and social issues, which does seem rather vague, he offered no details as to how we might achieve this together.
But, according to them, the gas was back on.
Travel healthy!
The thought was put forth by a friend that men value sex while women value love. The opinions were flying on this one.
Studying perception and memory formation after very brief time exposures has a long history in psychology. Tachistscopes, for example, are an old laboratory tool for tightly controlling the timing of many respondent memory tasks. This testing approach can easily be executed online because every computer has a very accurate clock built into the processor.
I am…slighty crazy about NOT having a car.
Foster, who was 33 at the time, said he didn’t fear getting shot down carrying such precious cargo alone in an unescorted, unarmed plane. He didn’t worry about Goering taking advantage of the lack of a guard to wrest control of the aircraft.
"Oh, I'll just freeze it for later," is her standard reply to my dismay at the sight of our cupboards jammed with fresh reds, greens and yellows that I know inevitably become a fuzzy lot of spoiled grays, whites and blacks. Therefore, she freezes.
I'm not going to do that. And I'm probably not going to go to your website to read pages. When an agent asks for the first N to N+1 pages in a query, you have to paste them in the email. NOT include a URL.
Please feel free to call me at 626.824.8285.
Through. Often framing your photo’s composition through something else is the best thing you could do to it. It gives the viewer even more context into what your eye saw in that moment in time. Sometimes it modifies the entire tone or meaning of the photo.
and wohooo for my new wardrobe that was done today! some that follow me on twitter might have seen some pictures already.. Now I just have to fill it up (easy part) and also good news for you... I am going to have a massive wardrobe clear out and as soon as I get some order to this little flat of mine, I'll be listing a lot of new stuff in the store.. so that in just a few days...
I've also copied Penelope's idea to fill them with chocolates and I'm hoping the excellent teachers they were made for will like them ( I suppose they would make a pretty desk tidy if they did not want to drink out of a mug with added yarn ! ) ........
Paper: Lucky Limeade, Calypso Coral, Whisper White, Everyday Enchantment DSP
Next step, BRUSH on Minwax Special Walnut stain. I brushed it on because you can get so much more into your wood using a brush than using a cloth. I let it soak in for about 15 minutes and then took a clean, dry rag and wiped off any stain that didn't soak in. Then I let dry completely for several hours.
One can see that it is not just one single question. While in the first half of the question one is asking for my reasons to pursue design research. Fair enough! I have written a short essay on why one should do design research. It talks about the value proposition which design research brings into the larger picture of designing communication, products and services. I would encourage you to go through this post as well.
Here is the Birthday Girl
Poker rakeback is considered to be as one of the greatest innovations of the online poker boom. It is important for a poker player to get involved with bonus rakeback. If the concerned poker player does not have it, then in that case, the player is leaving tons of money on the table on a monthly basis. Hence, it is important for the poker player to optimize his profits by taking advantage of rakeback.
By watching, their parents the children learn to bully and hate new residents (new comers, and outsiders). This action can take place anywhere in Cheyenne. The children not only watch but also are encouraged to participate in the bulling of the victim. These children are taught to what to say and how to act to harm the victim (new resident, new comer, or outsider) so others will take notice of this behavior and believe the child or children. So, the unfortunate victim (new resident, new comer, or outsider) is blamed for the some crime not committed but made up by the bullies.
So, I just got the new Blogger interface. My first reaction is that I'm hopeful because the old interface had been very clunky for quite a while.
Speaking of stinky- we had a baby possum on our bird feeder here at work this am. And he stuck around for a while. Although we couldn't really smell him, he looked pretty stinky! Then we have had several patients smell horrible today! Come on people take bath and wash your underarms and your butt crack! That's exactly how they have smelt! Eww.
I’ve neglected my blog space for some time now, so let’s see how this goes. Just one of those observations made in life…and the need to share it.
So little A, who's 7 now, is at tennis practice and I just finished the 100 Workout. It took me about 25 minutes and now I don't feel bad about what I ate at the Fair last night 😊
Other things we touched on Saturday were colon health. I will write a separate blog on this but YOU must have healthy digestion. Transit time should not be days through your body. The longer food sits in your body the more it becomes putrified and allows for unhealthy toxins to make its way back into the bloodstream. Since the beginning of time, even the Egyptians, knew the importance of a healthy clean colon. Unfortunately, our modern-day foods are often time fiber-less and hard to pass through the colon. Good rule of thumb. If you grandmother wouldn’t recognize it as food, DON’T EAT IT! If there are more ingredients there on the label that you don’t recognize then you do put it back! Eat whole foods. Eat living foods in their most natural state. We are slowly poisoning ourselves when we have chronic constipation. It’s called auto-intoxication. Look it up, read about it. I find that many students suffering from things like arthritis and fibromyalgia feel better as they clean up their diet and get their bowels moving quickly. The more toxins are in your body the harder your body is working to process these toxins out of your body which in turn means less energy for the immune system to do its work. You want to do everything you can to keep your vital energy up so your immune system works at optimal levels. Your thought should always be, what can I do to keep my internal environment(your body) an environment that doesn’t promote cancer.
How cute is this T-Shirt! And the set comes with so many sentiments it can be used for SO many different occasions!
"The new dietary guidance icon could be a tipping point in how Americans literally visualize what they should eat," Gilmer said.
Haircut day, then to buy fresh potatoes and the makings for potato salad. Potato salad will be done today. Stored in the fridge, it should last just fine, and be cool, for dinner tomorrow. I might grab some rolls too, just dinner type. My poor dill pickles are... not so good. So... pretty much... fresh everything save mayo and mustard which I have kept in good fresh supply. I best get some onions, too. I wonder if vidalias are in season? After the haircut but before shopping I will call my friend. It's damp, overcast, and cool if not cold, so shooting is probably out. Perhaps he wants to grocery shop a bit though, or has new things on one of his hardware store or other mechanical needs lists. Oh, and I argued him out of a sandwich at his favorite shop, we might go there today. It's just... they don't put on much beef. Order the double beef sandwich and for some reason you seem to get less. I suggested vegetarians work in the place. Hrmph.
Here's a shot of the awesomeness of the samurai!
What's it all about when you sort it out Alfie
Definitely worth the $10 investment on a cute thing!
You might like
Seriously. Ryann is something else. She is so much fun. AND SO much trouble. Really I'd been writing this post in my head all morning, how adorable she is, some awesome things that she has done or said lately, etc etc. And then there was the 30 minutes before naptime that she just wouldn't do a damn thing I wanted, and she thought it was the funniest thing in the world.
how to efficiently and legally access teaching and research materials;
If someone likes you, they are more willing to go the extra mile for you. This is where your people skills are useful because your doctor will respond to you more positively if you are friendly. That isn’t always easy if you aren’t feeling well, but I’ve heard from many doctors that a patient who is angry, bitter, belligerent or has a bad attitude is not well liked. Being a likeable patient is being a smart patient.
One of Rickey’s friends had a young adult son who was struggling with addiction to “bath salts”, the same hideous psychosis-producing drug that almost killed Rickey. They prayed for the son together, and Rickey had a chance to share his story with him. A couple weeks later, Rickey heard through his friend that his son had come home and told his dad: “I got saved, dad!” He had been by himself and just prayed that God would take away his addiction, forgive his sins, and give him a new life. His father was overwhelmed with joy and thanksgiving. Rickey did not know whether his story, testimony, or his prayer for the young man had anything to do with him coming to Christ; what Rickey DID know is that his responsibility was to continue to tell his own story to people around him. The Gospel was a seed that had found good soil in Rickey, and good seed does not produce just food, it produces seed that multiplies.
that goes with it
Désiré (France…Sacha Guitry)
My husband gave me Martha Stewart's cookie cookbook for Christmas last year (a not-so-subtle hint!), so I've got a lot of recipes to try, but I'd love to know your favourites...
The downside to Facebook is that it isn't archived or searchable or editable. Argh! Not good when you want to find dated posts and photos. But you can play Scrabble with your friends and loved ones! Super fun!
LoveS.
We all have to wrestle with the truth of this matter in our hearts. Personally, I find it much more helpful to see what the Bible is arguing for, rather than what it is arguing against. Those who are currently affected by some Christians’ negative stance towards gays and lesbians should perhaps also seek comfort in the much greater preponderance in the Bible of messages of inclusion, acceptance, tolerance and understanding.
So, basically what I'm saying, as long winded as possible, is that I don't have much to say today about this coffee cake. It's delicious. It stays moist. It's a recipe I've tried many times with no fail. It cooks in a bundt pan, which I love. It has a delicious cinnamon and pecan filling. But that's all I can think to write about it.
I wasn't a fan of the wire mesh, but knew I'd be able to remove it. What really appealed to me was the shape. I like that the buffet is up on legs, so it doesn't feel too heavy. That's one of the main things I was looking for when I was searching the listings. I also like that it has mostly clean lines, but with a few pretty curves for a feminine touch.
He was my shadow when I was in the house, following me from room to room when I cleaned, hopping up on the couch to snuggle next to me whenever I sat down, He would lay on my foot when I stood in front of the sink to brush my teeth.
Hope everyone is having a wonderful (long) weekend so far (in most of Canada)! Yes, many of us folks from Canada do in fact set one day aside per year to spend with our families - it's not just a rumor. But a long weekend is a long weekend, so whatever the excuse is, I'll take it!
This lovely old microwave cart. Sigh. You know you have one, or two. We had two, but the one got severely broken. This one did have a 25" TV (don't walk by too quickly or it could collapse). We sold the TV on Craigslist for $25. Then the cart just turned into a dumping ground.
the military
does the autocorrect from apple drive anyone else crazy? it keeps trying to correct craftsy and chickies and bom. seriously. i've gotta turn that off!
Sure it's nice when people agree with me; but I am one of those stubborn contrarian moron imbecile's who only wants anothers agreement, IF THEY REALLY AGREE WITH ME. I'd rather agree to disagree, than pretend we are in agreement, and live under that illusion.
I love that when you get nervous you squeeze my hand,
You can go to Banfield's to watch sports, to play video games, or - as we did - to sit outside on the patio on a beautiful Spring night to enjoy the company of your friends while eating great food. You can choose to have bean, beef or chicken nachos, with no extra charge for meat; we ordered the chicken, which was very tender and slightly spicy. And because our dinner had such quantities of vegetables, with lots of lettuce and tomatoes on top of all the chips and cheese - we didn't even have to feel guilty about indulging in "junk" food!
The reason is because I thought way back how the media reported that most “Young black and Latino men weren’t going to make it past 18.” We lost a lot of friends during those turbulent 1980s and 1990s, but my best friends and I thought about it and we made it. I thought about how when we were 18 they said, “Young black (and Latino) men won’t make it past 21″ and we did. Then they said, “Young black (and Latino) men won’t make it past 25″ and again, we thought about it and did. Unfortunately, because of the grim picture that the media painted for me. I looked at every birthday for a young urbanite as a game of survival and nothing to be celebrated. In fact, I almost fell into the Westernize trap this year of just thinking of this day as being just a number to dread because it means you’re getting older and closer to death. (Westerners fear death.)
I'll keep it open until after the holidays in case you need some time to get it posted. I can't wait to see 'em!
Love with the devil, She is in love with Lucifer
And if we don’t pass this plan, does he intend to keep the waste and inefficiency, out of spite?
for signs of fox.
I had a ton of coupons for Bed Bath and Beyond so everything we got was 20% off. If you don't already know this, take note: their coupons don't expire and you can use five at a time (one per item). We had eight items total so I got five and Al got three. I keep them in our cars so we always have them when we're there. The hangers were $32 after the coupon - a great deal for 50 hangers I think!
22. When cannibals ate a missionary, they got a taste of religion.
It feels good to be back...I have really missed you guys.....
* Waiting several minutes (or even hours!) to download something
Nah bagaimana gan??? tertarik dengan software ini?? langsung saja ya download :
Do you think permissive parenting has a negative connotation? Do you think parents can be called permissive even if they make their kids go to school?
Last year if I would of gotten on a scale it would of screamed at me to get the heck off. You think I’m kidding, but I was close to weighing 270. -shivers- That is a big gulp to say. The funny thing is, I thought I was just fine and beautiful. I didn’t care what anybody thought. All I did was sit in my recliner and play a stupid online virtual reality game. I was gorgeous on there. Ha! My RL (real life) self was lazy, fat, obese, and just plain out mean. Anyway, that is for another post.
Catalog#: 7599-25442-2, 925 442-2
President Obama’s first daughter, born July 4, 1998, is named Malia. Coincidence? I don’t believe it is. Obama’s second daughter born, June 10, 2001, also has special pagan significance. This name is especially common in Europe where it is used primarily by males as a diminutive of Alexander, although females may also use it as a diminutive of Alexandra.[15]
2). The claim also shows very little knowledge of conservatism, and of American conservatism in particular. Reagan's "America first" strategy is in fact a good example of the isolationism that ruled among American conservatives right up until Sept. 11, 2001. American conservatives have always wanted to let the rest of the world to go to hell in its own way and it was DEMOCRAT presidents that got America into both world wars, Korea and Vietnam. America normally has to be under serious threat of some kind for American conservatives to take any notice of the rest of the world at all. Even the 1898 ouster of the pathetic Spanish presence in Cuba had to be preceded by a Spanish "attack" on the battleship Maine. So it was only Saddam's serious threat to oil supplies that got George Bush Senior into the first Gulf war and even then he pulled out as soon as the threat was removed. It was only when 9/11 showed beyond any shadow of reasonable doubt that America was under serious and lasting threat from implacable Islamic hatred that George Bush II began his interventions in the Islamic world.
Privatbrauerei Franz Inselkammer KG / Brauerei Aying Ayinger Celebrator Doppelbock
CHARACTERISTICS: nice black hat, well-leathered skin, eyes steelier than Michael Caine's.
72. You’re cute! Mind if I use you so I can impress my friends?
*You guys? There is a nursery tucked behind the master bedroom. You know what that means right? CLOSET ROOM. I AM SO EXCITED! I can't wait to get it all set up and share!
Many wonder today why the Republican party does nothing to defeat the treasonous schemes of the Democrats. It is because the pope's Jesuits have thoroughly infiltrated the Republican party as well as the Democratic party.
and it looks like lilacs
Longest Run: 10 miles
Screw you Ian.”
“Every airline must use the airbridge, for the convenience and safety of the people.
Remember the
Offer your services to someone who could benefit from your talents. This may change their perspective as well as your own.
Method for skin
Didn't have much chance to enjoy the city, but I did have dinner with some friends I met here in Dar es Salaam who have since been moved to Nairobi. Amazing to share time with friends even after they've left. It's the one major occupational hazard (or personal?) that comes with choosing to work internationally, your friends are constantly on the move, just like yourself. Someone is either coming or going, and it's never certain when or whether you'll see them again.
In our parents’ generation, it happened with Big Tobacco.
While they were still incredulous for joy and were amazed, he asked them, “Have you anything here to eat?”
AND another thing: As a result of the flat I got on my ride to Oura on Sunday, I have had to replace the Vulcan’s rear tyre (a large chunk of rubber was missing from the Continental Gatorskin, leaving what looked like canvas exposed to the road.)
style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;verymerryvintagestyle&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;.&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;blogspot&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;.com/search/label/Share%20the%20Love%20Wednesday%20Link%20Party"&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;img&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt; border="0" &amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;src&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;"
06. Belsen Was A Gas
Fallacy number 4 – “We are efficient at using technology”
Mr. Woolas does not, of course, have a monopoly on what he describes as
This event is made possible by a grant from the Dane County Cultural Affairs Commission, with additional funds from the Overture Foundation and the Pleasant T. Rowland Foundation, and generous support from the UW-Madison New Arts Venture Challenge, the UW-Madison School of Music, and the Madison Museum of Contemporary Art.
In the process of writing the blog posting about soul contracts and predestination, I received an amazing release of energy at the back of head, as though I was given an invisible cranial. In that moment, I felt my inner wiring shift, and a new path open up. It was extraordinary.
they have rooms of their own..
Fourth worst offender who was also again in the fourth spot, for every year
Just Malaysians wanting to be heard. You didn’t give them a stadium. They took over the city. The People 1 – the Govt 0.
In the last post, we noted that the political response of the US public to high gasoline prices is, how shall we say it, more severe than the political response to high healthcare costs. And therein poses a dilemma for progressives.
Sophia- Melissa McCarthy (Bridesmaids) would have to go blond, but she’d kill it.
HAMUUL: Who?
The event dates: May 7 at 12:01 am to May 25 11:59pm
Amendment 10A, which amended the PC(USA) rules to allow for this, was passed by a vote of the presbyteries with 373 yeas, 323 nays, and 4 abstentions. Pueblo Presbytery voted nay.
The first book emphasises key skills applicable across the humanities, and key concepts which you will apply through the course. You will explore the origins of the ‘idea’ of material culture and approaches to describing, classifying and interpreting objects, drawing on the disciplines of archaeology, history, anthropology and ancient history. The first chapter introduces the key concepts of ‘object biography’ and the ‘life cycle of things’, by considering how late-nineteenth and early-twentieth century museums attempted to order and classify objects from across time and space. Chapter Two develops skills of close observation and description, considering different ways of writing about objects. Chapter Three broadens out to consider ways in which the historic, social and physical (or archaeological) context of objects can aid in interpreting them, focusing on the House of Menander at Pompeii as a case study. The final chapter focuses on classification, with reference to the study of ancient Athenian vases.
Even I am amazed at how much detail I can take in of what is happening to me.. Every kick, blow, cut and scrape, I feel. I can see the faces of the angry mob, the brotherhood of insane okada riders, who like moths drawn to a flame, have now drowned me in a sea of heads, sticks cudgels and petrol.
I also got a free scarf. The scarf is a very soft, light and filmy chiffon with a slight sheen to it which is not apparent in the photograph. The fabric is very sheer and semi-transparent so it would need to be wrapped over more than once (and possibly worn with an underscarf that includes neck coverage) if worn as a hijab but it is thin enough that I don’t think this would feel bulky).
This returns us to the question at hand: can non-living things (which do exist) have consciousness? Empirical data seem to tell us no – however, if living things don’t necessarily have to be conscious, it seems that it’s not out of the question for non-living things to be conscious.
Broken China Distress Ink
Chandler dies & Jonah notes that at least he had a sense of humor.
So happy Mothers Day, to all mothers out there, including Hillary, and most especially, to my own dear Mom.
Breakfast: Oatmeal and berries
Alex met "Bad Dad" the first evening as he tried to get some work done on the terrace. Bad Dad pulled up a chair and started practicing his so-so English. Beers happened. Then shots happened. After the first shot, Alex said he didn't want another because he was trying to get some work done. Bad Dad scoffed and said, "NO. We have an expression in Germany -- 'you can't stand on just one leg.' You must have two." Alex replied he's able to stand on one leg just fine, but not after he's done two shots.
What happens when researchers account for the effect of socioeconomic context on intelligence? Eric Turkheimer-- a professor at the University of Virginia-- and his colleagues tackled this very question by examining the intelligence of twin pairs raised in very different socioeconomic backgrounds. The researchers reasoned that if the socioeconomic environment matters little for intelligence, then genetic differences between twins on intelligence measures should be small.
feel like I'm little. I also still feel like the big sister who
595 ***D-IV/13/1970. “Pollution, Ancient and Modern.” The Center for Policy Study, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1970(1), above, and in Item B-2, above, pp. 97-101 (1975).)
Thank you again to my friend who wants only to be known as the “Voice of the Trailer,” for inspiring me to write this story. As though Bill Frist wasn’t evidence enough of how misogyny and homophobia can preclude real medicine, now we have Dr. Lazar Greenfield. Greenfield quoted a study which found that women who had unprotected sex were less depressed than those whose partners wore condoms and made the claim that semen makes women happier. I would love to see the specifics of this “study” and who conducted the study and all of the other studies that contradict Greenfield’s favorite.
We generally avoid political type issues on My Florida Backyard, but a recent news story caught our eye because it involves the National Wildlife Federation (NWF). My Florida Backyard has always been proud of being an NWF Certified Wildlife Habitat; our whole gardening philosophy has always been based on it. So we were disappointed to learn that NWF has announced a partnership with Scott's MiracleGro, the mega-company that manufactures the most commonly used chemical pesticides and fertilizers in the country.
ademelle
The protesters then returned to Zuccotti, to find it still barricaded.
As I sit here tonight I think of all the other lines. The thickening waistlines and thinning hairlines; the multiplying creases round our eyes, the pillow line that carves my face like a ventriloquist's dummy. I reflect on the times at work when I've tried to cross the line, or encouraged others to toe the line. I smile at the warm feeling of success and relief that comes on opening night, when after months of rehearsals, all the lines come out with the right words in the right order. I remember old relationships where I failed to draw the line or was too stupid to read between the lines. I recognise the thin line between right and wrong, between love and hate.
My second, third and fourth problems with grocery shopping lie with my family. Let me introduce you to my arch enemies:
The shortbread was a success, my Scandi soprano friend loved it as well as Jason and I! If you’re interested in the recipe check out the two fabulous hosts for this week: Lynette of 1smallkitchen and Cher of The not so exciting adventures of a dabbler…
planned the entire operation. French Intelligence (the
Berlin, Germany
High Definition Broadcast With HDMI Cables
Some Little Satan combat aircraft will attack Iran’s power lines with special-purpose munitions that use chemically treated carbon fibres to short-circuit transformers and switching stations to knock out Iran’s power grid.
I want to introduced the new reserved ink of my store.
24/10 – 30/10 2010
When I was growing up, my dream was to live in City Island. It wasn't really about City Island, per se. I loved the water, the boats and the marina and City Island was the only place I had ever been that had those things. Having grown up in the South Bronx where swimming in the summer meant playing in an illegally opened fire hydrant, going to City Island was a jaw-dropping experience.
So expect to see some of my money saving techniques on here now! I think it will be a great addition to the blog!
Fareda: Well you see, father, there were plenty bits of melted candle wax and I just thought that it would be a shame to put it to waste.
Let’s get you warmed up properly…here’s a few images to tempt those on the strictest diet!
With his superpara magnetic power
I am only putting the pasta dough recipe here. You can add whatever sauce you like!
Personality traits.
The ideological goal of the Empire of Poverty is to convince the subjects under its rule that social mobility is either impossible or undesirable. That they need to accept their place and their dole, and bend their shoulder to the task of making a better world under its enlightened guidance. The more that this mindset is cultivated among its subjects, the less they are able to envision another world where they might be free to do what they please.
But right now my little girl needs me to be more for her. And that is enough.
I am on a cabbage kick. I can't get enough of the stuff. So, when Dr. Food saw this recipe in Bruce Weinstein and Mark Scarbrough's book Goat: Meat, Milk, Cheese we had to make it. I love these guys a lot. This recipe is genius. Shanks with Cabbage, Port, and Vanilla. Sooooo good.
This delightful red house below is a treasured Christmas gift from a dear friend.
objects i am irritated immensely
I am so thankful that Jeff finally got to meet her and can't wait until the 6 of
Apparently, US academics and lawyers are getting very excited about this, particularly defence lawyers. Vanderbilt University (USA) recently opened a $27 million neuroimaging centre and ‘hopes to enrol students in a programme in the law and neuroscience’.
The bin featured in the article has a more rusted and grungy look to it.
At this point I was ready to throw in the towel. As a final shot, I decided to submit directly to a publisher. My friend Derek had told me about Linen Press Books, a women’s press based in Edinburgh, so I sent off my synopsis and first chapters. To my utter amazement, since I was feeling battered and bowed, they asked for the full and, within a week or so, had read it. They asked me to make some revisions and after seeing the preliminary changes, offered me a contract.
GC: You probably learned a lot along your journey, but what stands out more than anything else?
Of course, it's possible to search not logged in as anyone, or go to the library and search on a different computer. But I don't like the idea that the information has been filtered like this. And I don't like having to remember that Google's top results might not overlap with what someone completely different would see.
Four of the men, Mohammad Zaoli, 21, Mohammed Elnour, 18, Aru Gar, 19, and Akoak Manon, 18, appeared via video link in the Bendigo Magistrates Court yesterday. They each face 17 charges, including 14 of rape. The other three accused are aged 14, 16 and 17 and cannot be named. They appeared in a children's court on the same 17 charges.
The twirled ribbon is from a swap, it's lovely..
Dylan scanned the immediate area and the deserted highway beyond. The rocks and fallen trees provided endless hiding places.
GSM—GSM symbolizes World-wide Techniques for Cellular marketing and sales communications and is also the global regular for mobile phone support. In secret agent or surveillance cameras, this refers to Sound parasites or sometimes nonetheless surveillance cameras that may deliver an image in excess of GSM Cellular community from a made-in Sim.
So this card from the Phantomwise Tarot was me last night in the park. Except I was without the water jugs, the Zen-like calm, and much further away from the duck-pond. I also had considerably more clothes on, seeing as we were into minus figures for the temperature.
As you strive toward your goals and your Universal and Physical endeavors, may you continue to glow amidst, all that you will encounter. So, you can shine brightly amongst others, in a way that you have never done, before…” – Eleesha
Sore nipples
No, not really. Out of the last 4 1/2 years, I have been either pregnant or breastfeeding for 4 of those. And the other months, Dave was deployed so I had Alyssa to take care of all by myself. I will have like half a drink while breastfeeding after Cassidy goes to bed, but I’ve only done that a couple times.
This summer I had no time for riding with the weather, and my job but I continued to always have time to pet and love on my horses, even if only for a few minutes. Coni always loved having her butt scratched and would make her way up to me to beg for some scratches with her soft nickers. I only had to call her from the living room window, and she would nicker back begging me to come out and give her some scratches or a treat... it was always so nice to come out of the house and know Coni would be there to call for me if she heard or saw me coming.
Lackey Love
I own a few four way convertible bras from EdenFantasys, my favorite being the Baci 4-Way Animal Print Convertible Bra. The four way convertible bras make wearing my racer backs just fine, I no longer have to worry about bra strap tan lines. The straps can be worn criss crossed across my back and line up perfectly with my tank tops.
1-1/3 cup all purpose flour
The song was introduced in 1921 in the sketch “Mr. Gallagher and Mr. Shean in Egypt” so it was always done thereafter with the actors wearing fezes in front of a pyramid backdrop, though that became a non sequiter subsequently. The original version of the song was reportedly written by Bryan Foy of the 7 Little Foys in 1921 when Gallagher & Shean and the Foys were performing on the same bill at Keith’s Indianapolis. But the roots of the song go far deeper, back to minstrelsy, where there was a rich tradition of such back-and-forth two-man songs.
The Poems
However, I'm writing this down (seriously kind of embarrassed, but making myself do it). Yesterday I started to try to do the Insanity workouts.
Here is the closet all empty and clean.
Did he rhyme?
Beat sugar into eggs until thickened and pale yellow. Beat in cornstarch and set aside.
Are you tired of watching the same,old,boring, cheesy, Bollywood or Hollywood romantic comedies or chick flicks? Do you absolutely scorn those ridiculous lovey-dovey songs that do nothing to take the plot forward? Or scoff at the, lets face it, stupidity of such films?
He satisfies your desires and renews your strength
I was honored to close the event with a call to prayer for the unified pastors of Sanford, where the nation’s media spotlight is on the Trayvon Martin shooting. Those courageous pastors in Seminole County who are meeting, praying and working across historical racial lines need our prayers and support.
That I had arrived on the dusty doorstep of an uncharted territory.
All I can personally say is, wow! I have really enjoyed making this film, loved working with all the talented people that were involved on and off set, and as a film maker, I have learnt a hellova lot from it…so here’s to a great première! and may I have the opportunities to create more adventures of The Halsteadarian and his bizarre world =)
In the end, I chose Classical Greek… only to discover that I, in a typically unique fashion, had been the only person in my year to choose it, and so they couldn’t run the course. It looked like I was stuck with Art.
Important than
photographer, computer technician, and actors to produce extrasensory photographs. Though the scenes viewed in the final works are complex with multiple players, each actor is
Love always, Sarah B
She said: "By not banning smoking in public places, the Government is putting the health of vast numbers of the population at risk and is also placing a huge burden on the NHS."And ...
“No,” she said. “You could throw yourself out of the window, drag yourself through the glass, eat it all and beg for me to come back, and I would still say no.”
But rising global temperatures over the last century are causing climate experts to worry. Most atmospheric scientists attribute the change to carbon dioxide and gases released into the air by gasoline-burning engines and other industrial processes. The gases tend to trap heat in the atmosphere like a greenhouse.
What are Rogation Days?
snack container easily
Recently, my daughter and I were in a chain retail store for young girls. I was somewhat annoyed as we were running behind for an event and I really just needed to return a shirt that fell apart after the first washing. As I got up to the counter, a young gal at the register said, “we have these t-shirts for sale, buy one get one free…and it really looks like you could use one.” The beautiful, bright yellow t-shirt had a HUGE smiley face on the front and on the back said, “Forty Reasons to be Happy”.
The PCS DWP Wales Secretary Katrine Williams says “Unemployment is now at the highest level since 1994 against a background of an already difficult economic climate in Wales. So it is even more important to PCS than ever that the public get the quality services they deserve and management allow us to use our judgement and skills to help the public access Jobcentreplus services”.
information, technology or
I am going to be off the blog wagon from tomorrow until next week.
Examples to watch for in the Near future?
This dish was a winner all around - quick and easy to throw together, and really delicious. Plus, it's baked and not fried so none of the mess of frying, or, for that matter, the calories! For some reason my breading didn't brown much in the oven, but it was still nice and crispy. The only thing I'd do differently the next time I make this dish is to halve the sauce. We loved it, but I guess we're just not big dippers as we ended up throwing quite a bit away.
p.s. BTW, the plan for the M1 Carbine has always been to build a stock rifle. It's gotten so that all the ones I'm finding at the gun shows or in the shops are either basket cases too unsafe or shot out to shoot or museum quality pieces that I'd be afraid to shoot for ruining their worth. And what I wanted was something that I could pull out and take to the range for some fun with no worries one way or another. I should have enough parts for two by the time I'm done and still be no more than what they're charging for one of those reproduction Auto Ordnance ones.
However, building a great wardrobe is possible on a small budget. Clearly, one man’s small budget may be another’s small fortune. Nonetheless, the first and most important step in building a gentleman’s wardrobe is to decide what is the size of your budget over the course of a year; is it £150 per year, £350, £500, £1,000? Once you have a budget stick to it. A budget of £300 per year (£25 per month) over 5 years would provide £1,500 which is plenty to build wardrobe. So how might one go about a 5-year project?
Such a profound statement, eh? JJS helps us realize: if anything, MJ had soul.
1/4 cup parsley
I created this page specifically to show how you can use Clearsnap products to make a scrapbook page. This particular page shows my friend Ruth at my home making flower pins. Ruth especially loves these little fabric stamped pins, and so she is the subject of my page. I used a number of Clearsnap products on this page, including various inkpads and Smooch products. The stamps are all from Hero Arts.
Ahem. Moving on.
Much, much more on this soon. For all those opposed to the Kahn/FDR memorial it is time to get organized.
There is hope for humanity after all.
Enter Jesus. Enter truth. Enter freedom. Enter fullness of life. Enter fulfillment of the law. Enter space.
Peanut Sundal
FLIRTING WITH DISASTER (David O. Russell)
13. Ricetta Amorosa (01:17)
The day before yesterday, I moved from my son Jason’s apartment to my daughter-in-law’s home where I have use of the bedroom during her and her husband’s one week jaunt to Paris and then on to Venice to experience Carnavale and frozen body parts. Attending Carnavale being one of those things I imagine Anne envisions as an early start on her bucket list.
Quite simply: I WOULD LOVE THIS!
1. Brew a 5 cup pot of water
You want her chained forever
He has applied for a liquor license, and soon they will be serving beer and wine. It's a lovely place to come and eat and chat.
Makes: 4 servings
Just for a bit of fun, I have plotted the section of the Main North railway that I am modelling between Chilcotts Ck bridge and Pangela in Google Earth. I have also marked the locations of the three crossing loops (signal boxes). The prototype length is 7.1 miles (11.3km).
How could that not be fun? I think Stuart took me just to get me off his back, which I appreciate because I don't necessarily enjoy whining, not at this age. I do however enjoy sweeties and I know for a fact that he enjoys Jelly Bellies - specifically the Pomegranate ones - be careful not to get them mixed up with Cinnamon because I did that this morning and had to give myself CPR.
All that said: holy shit is this a good book. This may in fact be the best policy book I’ve read in I can’t think how long—certainly the last policy-ish book I read this good was Herding Donkeys, though that wasn’t policy in this way. Anyway: Drift‘s subtitle is The Unmooring of American Military Power and I felt a level of oh-my-gosh-yes-exactly while reading it that I haven’t felt from any recent nonfiction. The ultimate gist of Maddow’s argument is that the way the United States wages war has increasingly become a private, unilateral decision, an executive command adjudicated behind the doors of some secure room in the White House’s basement—a decision which, sure, is come to with the help of military and intelligence experts, but ultimately the decision’s in one man’s hands.
The novel’s central characters are two siblings, Jaidev and Tara Puri, who live in a small, tightly knit Hindu community in a lane called Bhola Pandhe’s Gali in the old walled city of Lahore. Among the ways in which Yashpal’s novel links the lives and loves of its middle-class characters to the great churning in the public sphere of Lahore and Delhi in the 1940s is by setting them within the overlapping worlds of journalism, literature and education in Lahore (no other Indian novel is so much in love with the idea of the newspaper, and the newspaper’s power as a voice of reason in the public sphere). Puri is an idealistic young writer and journalist who has already served a prison sentence for the cause of the freedom movement. Tara is a college student excited by the intellectual freedom of the university – one that is not available in the world of the gali, with its family and gender hierarchies – but troubled by her engagement to a man she hardly knows.
How to Carve a Chicken
Whatever you do, do not let ‘not having anyone to go with’ be a reason for not going travelling.
The Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA) released the advance estimate of real GDP growth for the first quarter of 2012. The advance estimate shows real GDP grew at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 2.2 percent. This is a deceleration from a 3.0 percent rate in the fourth quarter of 2011. The deceleration was the result of slowing inventory investment and declining non-residential fixed investment.
Some people say she was the Jordan of the 80s, but I think this is a bit insulting, as Fox doesn’t seem to be half as much of a tool as Price.
Papers : Sunday Picnic Collection by Webster's Pages, Bright Matstack by DCWV
All I know is it ain't over until the last brick falls
We appear to have been caught up with the drama, our days now cycle through a series of fairly predictable lurches from tragedy to triumph and back again.
Extendable leg rest
I went back to bed and broke down into shaking sobs. I curled into Special One's arms and our grey kitty started showing me the love by kneading my arm. I laid there for about 20 minutes sobbing.
Socialising
WINGS is a very well written book, however I felt like WINGS was a very slow moving. I wish that I was given more of an insight into what Laurel was learning about. Laurel was a little dry and naive, which made me not connect with her very well. I was able to connect with David, which was strange since he was not the main character.
At the moment I am shaking my fist at the TV, it's advertising Aqua Lite shampoo from Pantene. I am often weighed down by my heavy heavy hair. Household chores are almost impossible and having a job type job totally out of the question. Clearly I need to skip down to Bootsesesss The Chemistssss to get me some of that Aqua Lite.
Nothing else in the world mattered to them. She wrapped her legs
You can right-click on the white guide and lock it in place to keep it from moving while you are working. Make sure this is the top layer of your project before printing.
Might as well chat a moment about the fitness effort around here. With eating more calories and walking less, I am maintaining at 40 pounds. My goal is 2 pounds a month, which is just about what I have averaged the past 2 years. I'd love to drop that much a week. I wish there was some way to let my body know it really does not have to hang on to fat stores in case of famine or pregnancy, or both. I can't believe that's the only thing it's really good at. LOL I can't dance, can't sing, can't walk a tightrope or metabolize above the going zombie levels, but I can show ya where my noms at. Or, where it went anyhow.
Not many months passed by before I was called to endure a still greater misfortune. My father owned a saw mill in addition to his flour mill, and one morning, in company with several other boys, I went into the saw mill and got upon the headlock of the carriage to ride, not anticipatng any danger; but before I was aware of it my leg was caught between the headlock and the fender post and broken in two. I was taken to the house, and lay nine hours before my bones were replaced. That time was spent in severe pain; but being young, my bones soon knitted together, and in a few weeks I. was upon my feet as usual, attending to the sports of youth. During this confinement my brother Thompson was my companion. He was suffering from typhus fever.”
If you'd like to leave a comment below, do so! I'll pick one next week and send that person a copy of the book just for fun.
“You automatically jump to the f-word? There are all kinds of names you could call him and you want to shout the f-word into. Into. Whatever space it is, that text messages go to? You could call him, you know.”
Hope the above information help. Till next time, have a great weekend!
Chocolate...the name itself makes my mouth water....well I just had one! :) I love chocolate a lot and keep it in stock at home and munch on it mostly after dinner. My son also loves it a lot, so I cannot say no to him as I like to eat it as much he does. So I decided to keep it healthy and started to prefer and choose dark chocolate. Now I love it more than the regular chocolate, as it has the right amount of sweetness to it, while the regular chocolate makes me think it's too sweet, eventually which is good for me that I think so. :)
Lew Lewis & The Perfect Day
(1) To salvage one or more salable cases from one or more damaged cases, cartons or packages of malt or brewed beverages, a distributor or importing distributor may repackage consequent to inadvertent damage and sell a case, carton or package of identical units of malt or brewed beverages.
I was feeling adventure, but not quite suicide
2006 N. 9th Street Rd., Lafayette
“I'm not a lawyer, and I don't pretend to understand the nuances of the constitutional balancing tests,” Sebelius told Representative Trey Gowdy (R–SC) during an April 26 hearing.
Awwwww, ain't I cute?
Troposphere temperature is currently a 1/4 degree Celsius colder. This is despite the fact that over that same time period, atmospheric carbon dioxide (at Mauna Loa) has risen 20 ppm or 5% from 367 ppm to 387 ppm. The manmade global warming theory failed to predict this trend. The falling temperatures occurred at the same time as the sun produced minimal sunspots as it is transitioned into Solar Cycle 24.
Today went awesome as it was one of those lay around and be lazy days which I love. My 3rd final is tomorrow morning at 7:30 AM and instead of sleeping I’m staying up worrying about it. I know, counterproductive. I’m still kind of figuring out how to do this blogging thing and where I want it to go. I know that I want more pictures but that will have to wait until I get my phone fixed. Bummer.
"It is focusing on only two pillars of broad-based black economic empowerment (BEE): enterprise development and skills transfer. The core is ownership," he pointed out.
Liverpool 0
We really do have way more than we deserve and so much to be thankful for. I thought about making a list of the things I am thankful for but I am not sure there is enough room on this blog. My cup runneth over and my heart is so full. We are truly blessed. We may not always have the best days and things may not always be easy but I am so happy with our little life, our growing family and the fact that God has entrusted us with all of these blessings and for that I thank Him everyday.
Then I need to ........... okay. I'll stop thinking aloud.
Me:”So you’re here to interview for the job?”
Ahead of us grew a vast, daunting network of overpasses, an entwining nest of steel and stone girders, far more industrial and myriad than the ancient city that lay in the desert fog far behind us.
While I can’t help but to come at this as Catholic Christian, I hope I can take this walk with my handful of readers – my friends – whether Christian, Jewish, Muslim or other. If we have one thing in common, perhaps it is the need for revival of our spirits, and a life of gratitude: A sense that we are not completely self-made and that we are not solely responsible for the good in our lives.
The Eagle had two long-time editors, Thomas Kinsella (1861 to 1884) followed by St. Claire McKelway (1886- 1915), who had the greatest influence upon the paper’s style and voice, and oversaw the paper through the height of its influence.
and NOW LET'S STOP!
The story profiles a married gay father of one. But it's not this fellow's sexual orientation that impedes his best efforts at parenting. It's the plain fact that he's a man.
Okay. I have no idea how to describe this polish, but I'm going to try! Indigo Illusion is another of Nubar's stunning duochromes. I would say that the base color is a pale, murky teal. I was expecting to be slightly more blue, but it has a distinct green tinge on my skintone. It has a shimmer that is sort of a lilac color.
When grill is heated, arrange chicken breasts on it seasoning side down.
12/14, Rue de la Ferronnerie
There's appraisement and afresh there's arrant pricing. It's audibly attainable to anyone who's anytime acclimated a computer that the Xbox 360 120GB Harder Drive advancement kit could angle to accept a bigger bulk point. Even the Xbox 360 60GB drive and the 512MB Anamnesis Assemblage allegation bulk makeovers. Added blogs visited the affair about a year ago, and aback afresh prices accept abandoned -- just not about enough. A quick aberrate over to Best Buy shows the 120GB kit sitting appealing at $150, the 60GB drive lingers about $100, and the 512MB Anamnesis Assemblage sits at $50.
A few weeks ago the ballet teacher said she was still too small to do ballet on pointe. Popps went home and decided to make her own. She filled an old pair with stones found some material and got to work, apparently they are very comfortable.
Wipe a large, nonstick skillet with a paper towel saturated with a bit of olive oil*
Like something from a science fiction film, the angular X-47B steadily taxis onto the runway ready for its maiden test flight.
And so I'm here, blogging about broomball instead of playing broomball as I wait for the result of the game. The pictures - courtesy of NYCSSC - are from last week's game against Gotham Blades. Yes. Last week. This ain't twitter folks. I'm the one in the highlighter yellow pants.
We look forward to all devotees participating and sharing their realizations so atht others can benefit. the topic is “what is the Standard of Krsnas Character”
Debuts That Deliver (Book Magazine);
11. Boys are way more cooler.
Anyway, it’s kind of a mess of a movie from any technical standpoint – the sound, in particular, is crap, which is unfortunate in a movie about music – but it’s cheeky and entertaining as hell. And who doesn’t like seeing a fifteen-year-old Diane Lane run around in a leotard for the better part of an hour and a half?
This year has seen its fair amount of stress – there’s the fear of a double-dip recession, the Eurozone debt crisis and record numbers of job cuts and unemployment. TV seems gloomy this year with programmes like a ‘Grumpy Guide to Christmas’ to remind us all of everything we dislike about the holidays. And then there’s the fact that my family just aren’t really ‘in’ to
Her smile was dazzling. There was something about her words that made me believe everything she said.
This book is composed of essays, most of which I didn’t read. Some interesting facts or opinions about and around whisky:
NIC CAGE: HEY!
Wednesday, October 24th–I was so sick today that after work a co-worker took me to an after-hours clinic. After X-rays and other tests, I was diagnosed with bronchitis.
Abnormal Status Resistance: 30% at max level (I think it might also be Elemental Resistance).
Do your kids have a favorite lovey or food they like to sleep with?
“We are an exporter of security forces to NATO,” Mr. Poposki said in an interview on Thursday. “But we are in the waiting room for membership.”
I managed to escape through one of the broken windows where I swam to a small island that was occupied entirely by seals. Thousands of them. Realising that I needed food to survive, I started looking for a broken tree branch which would enable me to kill one of the beasts before roasting it over a campfire.
01 Something Outside
First of all, the segment could be postponed indefinitely, should any “real” news develop.
know me, know me not,
The review, funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, was published Tuesday by the Psychological Bulletin.
He faced me, and I gasped. His eyes resembled a starless night, deep and endless. Their intensity drilled through me without pity, seeming to expose all my secrets. I felt naked and flustered beneath his gaze.
If most 'local' services are in fact central government initiatives delivered by proxy, then why not scrap the local authorities and allow/force the government to deliver the services, and to take credit for their successes, and of course responsibility for any shortcomings.
electrified nude sculptures of Khajuraho
In troubling times, we have the right, as Christians, to trust God and have peace. The secret is in knowing who you are in Christ. Learning to trust in the fact, Jesus cares about you personally. We are members of the church as a whole but our salvation is very personal. He is Savior to you individually.
This time, gaining back some weight actually helped me to learn more about what motivates this addiction. Before saying Goodbye to him, all I had figured out was that I have an oral fixation that’s satisfied through chewing. I found that gum can really help here (even as I write this I’m chewing gum). When that wasn’t enough, I’d coped by texting him or writing him an email. But what I realized when that wasn’t an option, is that I have a very existential hunger that drives me to food, and drove me to him so frequently. It’s the same hunger that motivated me to start this blog, that pushes me to find work that’s meaningful, that drives my insatiable need for deep conversations. It’s like the greed for life that Logan recognized in me, and in himself.
Make sure chicken pieces are dry (very important). Season liberally with salt, pepper, and garlic powder. Dredge in a thin coating of flour and place skin side up on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Put in the fridge for at least 1 hour, but up to overnight, so that flour coating sets.
me unable to comprehend how this came
Here’s where Gossip Girl screwed up. Serena van der Woodsen, Golden Girl of the Upper East Side, is at best implied to be a kinda so-so student. If she ever had extracurriculars beyond partying and sleeping around, it was never made clear. Yet somehow, she got into both Yale and Brown. On top of that, she got into Yale when Blair Waldorf, a Straight A student with numerous extracurriculars and even charitable activities under her belt, did not get into Yale, where she had wanted to go all her life. Wait, what?
I told you last month that I'm not doing NaNo, and I'm not. I still stick with my decision to focus on revising my current project, but as I see the NaNo camaraderie and drama (i.e. "I didn't get my wordcount in because my dog died!") on Twitter and Facebook, I'm feeling a little left out. I want to post wordcounts, or participate in a 1K in an hour sprint, or go to a NaNo writer's retreat.
I started with the Naan first, since it had to rise for 45 minutes, and soon after that I was in a whirlwind of sauteing onions, rolling dough, and measuring out spices. All the while, my kitten, Jack, slept on the floor close by, wrapped tightly in my orange scarf. He and the scarf have developed quite a bond recently. I think it belongs to him now. If you try this recipe, plan for it to get a little crazy in the kitchen, or just plan better than I did.
Everyone knew the Giants were going to do something for their defense. They can’t leave them hanging. Kuhn is originally from Germany and still has a lot to learn about the game. The Giants already have tackles which will make Kuhn have to fight for a starting spot on the team. It does not seem likely he will get it, but he does provide depth and a big body willing to work.
The zealots apparently believe that if they just give enough money to their well-connected friends who are involved with “renewable energy” that the industry will somehow take off. If they just ban enough of our cheap, abundant resources, then people will be forced to use “renewable energy,” and if they switch us all to electric cars — oh wait, the electricity for our electric cars is produced by coal-fired or gas-fired plants. Well, they’ll force us all onto light rail and high-speed trains — oh wait… You will notice if you are paying close attention that the term “renewable energy” has dropped from favor, and been replaced by “clean energy”— the “renewable” bit only worked when we were running out of fossil fuels. Now that they are truly plentiful, they have to come up with another tactic. Just imagine if we eliminated coal and eliminated natural gas! Basic, elementary common sense and logic fail. Besides that, remember than wind and solar require 24/7 backup from regular coal or gas-fired power plants. How is this possibly supposed to work? Are they zealots, dimwits or useful idiots?
49 40 29.53 N, 36 17 31.29
(Gender) stereotypes can prove harmful; they can stifle individual expression and creativity, as well as hinder personal and professional growth. -CliffsNotes
My brother is getting married. This is very exciting news. His fiancee is a wonderful woman and it is thrilling for me to have a new sister.
If you're interested; I prefer the B-side but "Sunday Afternoon" grows on you after a few listens!
Five show nights and one staff preview shows down, two more to go. 35,000 tickets sold, and still counting…
Doctor Jeremy Davis came running into the room. He saw Kevin and asked him, “What happen?” “I was checking Henry’s grocery on Phillips Street to make sure the doors were secure when someone shot me in the back. God it hurts doc!” Kevin replied. Dr. Davis proceeded to help Kevin lay down on his stomach on the examination table. And as the doctor began to pull up Kevin’s shirt he noticed there was no bullet hole in his shirt. He examined Kevin’s back and he saw no gunshot wound. “Kevin are you sure you were shot in the back? There is no entry point.” “Doc, are you blind? I felt the blood running down my leg.” Kevin’s uniform was a dark, blue-black and made of thick polyester. It was made to resist any discoloration or stain. Then Dr. Davis looked everywhere, and still he saw no bullet hole in Kevin’s back or his clothing. He shrugged his shoulders at the nurse. Then Dr. Davis began questioning Kevin. “Kevin are you sure you were shot? There are no bullet holes anywhere in your back or in your uniform.” Kevin hadn’t even thought about the doctor looking for a hole in his clothing. “Just find the bullet in my body and don’t worry about my clothes” Kevin demanded. Dr. Davis then proceeded as he told Kevin to pull off his uniform completely, so he could find and treat the wound.
Transfer focaccias onto the baking sheets. Brush foccacias with olive oil, sprinkle with coarse salt and pepper and top with chopped olives. Put them into heated oven. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, or until they are golden with a heavy speckling of small surface bubbles, spraying the oven with water three times during the first 8 minutes of baking.
Deep End
M Mareh was not in battle, he was not in the Army - he was influenced by an idelog that wishes to destroy the country he and his family live in - the cunty his family chose to move to. He can vote, he can complain, he can campaign - but he chose to kill children.
Kim Goldberg
And here is my card for this Challenge.
Today we added a knitted snowman to our advent tree. Cain usually does this but this morning he let ?Heather do it as she feels so unwell and is very whiny right now. She is all bunged up, has a nasty cough which kept both of us awake all night, and has been complaining of earache too. Hoping that being poorly right now means that she will feel better in a day or two and not suffer through Christmas.
Now I’m just calming down after a really nice and productive day. Sitting on my bed, my mug is full with my chamomile tea, with honey in it. I also have clementine juice and thoughts of popcorn. Have to have popcorn when you’re about to watch a movie. Of course! I don’t know what to watch though…
Into my heart.
We had unexpected company last night and I needed to throw something together that looked like I knew what I was doing with minimum input and maximum output. This just fit the bill.
They just take on new meaning. When the songs are sung by your 8 year old. At the top of her lungs. In the back seat of the mini-van. All while having a raging case of the hiccups.
2 tsp cinnamon
I think all of these are doable. I just wonder how doable they are when you are working full-time AND pregnant.
A small team conducted the helicopter raid on the compound. An official called it a complex operation, noting that the compound was a virtual fortress -– built in 2006 with high walls, razor wire and other defense features. Its suburban location and proximity to Islamabad complicated the operation, the official said.
I wish that I didn’t have to go through all the unnecessary paths trying to fit into society, when knowing what I already want. To at least give it a try, and not having regrets at all, instead of being suppressed and thrown to find out if I could possibly be a doctor, a lawyer, or a businesswoman.
Paper: Whisper white, summer smooches DSP
Not quite ready to leave, we lingered; P. had a cup of coffee while I fondled all the books in the ridiculously comprehensive book store (and finally decided on Dia's excellent new book on our gal Agnes, patron saint of the desert). After an especially toothsome sandwich along the adorable main street in town and a wander down to the river to catch our train -mapled hillsides ablaze in the afternoon light- I thought, hmm, this place is *very* special.
The Dark Knight Rises online website told people to go out and look for clues at certain addresses, in a way to hunt down the Batman. In return, it seems like the public has been rewarded with the all new trailer that’ll debut in theaters on May 4th in front of The Avengers.
Bake the cookies at 350 for 12 – 15 minutes, when the edges are lightly browned. Leave the cookies on the cookie sheet for a few minutes before removing them to wire racks to cool.
I added navy blue bias tape to the arm holes and the ruffly sleeves. I think the boldness and the structure that it gives the top of the dress. I had to kind of go stitch crazy on that part because I should have added the sleeves before I stitched on the sleeves, but alas, I didn't and it's a little stitch crazy! Again, who is going to critique the little lady's dress?
Now for the recipe! Usually I skin the walnuts by boiling them in water for several minutes and rinsing well, but I found the California Walnuts don't need to lose their skins as they are not bitter. You can skip skinning them all together if you are using these walnuts. Most walnut shrimp recipes contain honey, this one does not, hence the simple name of Walnut Shrimp.
Or the worst week could be some week yet to come, when one of us sees something that makes our own compass go off, and turns away instead of acting.
It wasn’t long before a few of them decided to cross the road and engage us in debate. One of them was particularly aggressive, and after unsuccessfully trying to intimidate a few activists on our side, he was laughed back across the road where he sulked behind a placard for the remainder of their ‘protest’. Another fundamentalist Christian attempted to explain the scientific basis behind the story of Noah’s Ark, claiming there was ‘no evidence’ to support evolution. Perhaps the most shocking though, was a woman who came over with her placard to engage with us. When confronted with difficult questions, she astonishingly suggested that women who fall pregnant as a result of being raped should see it as “a blessing”, and carry the child to term. Needless to say, this comment wasn’t very well received.
He, too, has resigned his part
When the meat is tender, splash in the flanders red or oud bruin to taste. You're trying to give the stew a nice acidity and bite that cuts through the rich sauce.
I do have a feeling though that going to school in the States, so close to the outlets and major mall is going to be DANGEROUS!!!!!!!
However, I’ve since seen a lot of reactions–most of them on the left side of the political spectrum–that are quite angry with Obama for the part of his talk where he said it was a matter that is being worked out in the states–and also, more generally, for not having gone further and tried to push the matter more.
Teased, let's say, by heaven's stark
Overall this movie is awesome, definitely better than Battleship (2012), which I posted 2 weeks ago. Rating would be 8/10, funny scene, some fight scene is memorable. Would love to watch second time if got chance and also hope that there is ticket available for IMAX 3D during next week!
I arrive in London in the depth of an icy winter and check into my usual room at Dr Whipnade’s residence. Next morning, I hike across Regent’s Park to the home of Richard E Grant, the actor and substance-sniffer. He arrives at the door in his dressing gown and greets me with a glazed expression on his face.
The 911 GT3 is Porsche’s first hybrid racer and the precursor to the Porsche 918 Spyder Hybrid production car, which will launch in 2012. Detlev Von Platen, CEO of Porsche North America, says the flywheel technology used in both of the cars represents the future of Porsche.
Who decided this board was the Alpha and Omega of the roads projects in Greenville County? How did this rather shadowy group of politicians get put in charge of millions of dollars, as well as the power to steal a private-business-owner's property? Most local citizens I have talked to, did not realize GPATS was calling the shots instead of the SC Department of Transportation.
SECRETARY HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON
Usually we have the keyboard and mouse out of the sidedoor to operate the slideshow and dh or my eldest ds will operate it from a chair that they set in front of them.
This box is covered in some kind of plasticy material. I chalk painted the box brown. Yes, chalkpaint sticks to anything! The chalk paint covered nicely and it feels soft. Then I added this huge handle (using the drill again, fun!) I think it makes the box say "drawer."
Very best wishes to you and for your Bill,
Finally (yep, it's a long post), I've had a play with my beautiful monthly Scrapville pack - it's full of papers and embellishments by Scrapcake called My Private Happiness. Very different to my usual style (flowers?) but I'm really happy with how the card and layout have turned out:
They will have brick firebacks.
And, in the case of the Smartwater ad, if you go down a check list and throw content into a spot because it appears in another viral spot, that's not funny, that's pandering!
Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close
The Grand Sophy by Georgette Heyer - Whenever I chance upon a discussion of Heyer's Regency romances, the impression that forms is of Jane Austen methadone. This isn't entirely an alluring description--it conjures images of an author who replicates the frothy surface of Austen's novels without dipping into the acid that lies just beneath it. In my first foray into Heyer's writing late last year, with Cotillion, that is indeed what I found, but Cotillion was also charming, effervescent fun, and its central romance was satisfyingly human and unsentimental, so I marked Heyer as an author worth returning to. Though it shares some superficial similarities with Cotillion--both novels involve a young woman arriving at the home of her fashionable London relatives, rearranging their lives for the better, and sweeping her dashing cousin off his feet--The Grand Sophy may not have been the ideal next step. For one thing, the novel is just starting to gear up for its home stretch, as the title character, who has been raised by her rich, eccentric diplomat father to be his hostess and housekeeper and has been shocking her relatives with her strong will and independent habits, starts seriously meddling in her family's affairs and scheming to separate her cousin Charles from the odious, mean-spirited prig he's become engaged to, when an evil Jewish moneylender turns up. Sophy's confrontation with, and ultimate triumph over, this character (for which read "agglomeration of ugly antisemitic stereotypes"), is one of the most viscerally unpleasant things I've ever read, but even so I might have managed to enjoy the novel around it if were not also at around this point that the novel's central romance begins to teeter.
Ok, so I know that I said that having a second child was a piece of cake. And it is. Honestly.
Once again with Rell, from http://rellkeepingitreal.wordpress.com/ I am blogging this week on life, nutrition, fitness and my pregnancy! All honest. No perfection. Just Keeping it real.
Another reason why bad days might occur is to help a person recognize how the universe works. Last night I started feeling a bit frustrated and my inner senses were tingling that a storm was coming. So perhaps bad days occur for that reason, to exercise our inner senses and help us become more confident in our ability to understand nature.
The secular news network ABC calls it “graphic and harsh” and “hard-core porn.” A tale of a young innocent girl with an older man who teaches her sexual submission with pain and bondage. The question that has news channels buzzing is “why?” Why are a generation of young moms, raised as feminists, sexually free, and economically empowered drawn to a story of a girl who gives away all of her rights to a man? While ’50 Shades of Grey’ is the latest and most shocking example, Newsweek’s recent cover story, “Spanking Goes Mainstream,” author Katie Roiphe looks at the cultural trend of bright young women willingly engaged in BDSM relationships: 50 Shades of Grey, Lena Dunham’s HBO series Girls and even the wedding night of teen heart throbs Bella and Edward in the 4th Twilight movie.
Cheat codes accept been a allotment of animate gaming for over 25 years. Some bluff codes accept even become a allotment of video bold history. Some games, like Konami's Contra, were about absurd to exhausted afterwards bluff codes. Assault these amateur afterwards cheating gave players absolute aloof rights.
I would guess that the cornerstone of their relationship was the total absence of jealously. The Count was perfectly free to pursue any virgins her fancied, even if it meant going on extended vacations with limited opportunities for correspondence. And his feral spouses didn’t hesitate to sink their fangs into any stray man-flesh that wandered into the castle grounds. The Count, indeed, often played the pander to their grisly debaucheries.
Nate’s eyes shot open in surprise. He had always assumed that she was talking about her friends. He never imagined that she meant these guys. The realization and her obvious anger sparked something in Nate. It was one thing for them to pick on him. He had gotten used to that, but he was not about to sit back and let them torment the one person in the whole school that had the guts to befriend him.
Also check out these cracking video interviews with Harvey, Maurice Fulton & Derrick May. They come from a series of lectures put together by the Red Bull Music Academy, which comes to London from Feb 7th for a month of special events including club nights, lectures & concerts. Further details @ http://www.redbullmusicacademy.com/london
I recently wondered if Continuum was too extreme for it to be really successful. I know that due to it's very high hop loading, right from bittering hops, through late aroma hops and ending with a stupid level of dry hopping in tank, it clearly strikes fear into those meek drinkers who get vertigo when faced with high level hop compounds. My love of crystal malt as a belay for protection against unbalancing, when on the edge of top level hop exposure, often attracts criticism.
Just a quick blog today. I just realised that cameras are becoming quite the popular thing these days. I’m not sure if I should be converted as well, but I did find that the iPad as a worthy investment. So maybe I will be persuaded by the new Nikon D3200 to finally succumb to creativity. Only time will tell, more importantly, the Australian release date. However, if any of you do know of a good camera out there. I would be very interested in purchasing one. So let me know about what you think.
Yep, I gotta say that I love Stacey even more after reading that. (I think the fact that she was a Cyndi Lauper girl at 6 gives her major coolness points.) And I'm even more excited about DEAD ON THE DELTA especially after reading about it's real life setting. And after hearing more about it, I'm guessing you are, to, which brings us to...
1 teaspoon mustard seeds for seasoning
GRAB THE BUTTON AND SPREAD THE WORD!
WIE: Did you then find, in working out the details of what it would mean to do science in this context, that you were able to penetrate much more deeply or that your own scientific thinking was transformed in some way by this experience?
Preparation and cooking time is about 30 minutes but there is a "refrigeration time" of about an hour before the grating process!
This “hard problem” was never “solved.” It simply faded away as organic chemistry and physiology steadily explicated the physical mechanisms and processes occurring in various parts of cells, and in the various organs of the body. This took some time, well into the 20th century, but by the 1940s, anyway, it was no longer credible to claim that “life” was something that might not be present when these mechanisms and processes of organic chemistry were present, or might be present in their absence. “Life” will always be an ambiguous concept to some extent (there is ongoing debate as to whether viruses are living, for example), because it is an emergent property, but its physical nature is no longer seriously challenged. The concept of “consciousness” is now undergoing the same evolutionary process – not a similar process, the very same process.
The cover of the book was looks like bleak but inside was full of colorful pictures. Good.
frightened back to faith by the massive wings
This is where it all begins. I like to call it ‘the road to my dream’, and I have the talk I had with the Director to thank for all of this. (Mr.Chan, if you’re reading this, I thank you from the bottom of my heart.) I left his office feeling more inspired than ever, as I never noticed what I wasn’t doing for myself. In a blink of an eye, I could be graduating without having done anything in my pursuit of success. Why shouldn’t I start writing now? What’s been pulling me back? I can confidently say it was nothing but myself. If other aspiring writers can do it, so can I. How different can we be? What do they possibly have that I don’t? Perhaps a head start, but it’s never too late. As the Director told me, I should do something with my head, hands and heart: something I have knowledge about with skills that I can use, and something that gives me passion and happiness. Writing lifestyle columns is something I would love to do and I won’t let anything, including myself, get in the way of it.
Wounds heal at a rate of 1 hit point a day.
And there will be plenty of legal battles to follow, and it is there that the true debate will begin and none of the current debaters will be invited to those hearings.
“Subtle?” she fills in. “No kidding. And what was with that smile?”
Friendships are so important to the human heart and spirit. Many of us have friendships with people, but how many of us have friendships that we can count on every single day. Genuine? Honest? Loyal? We may consider our spouses, significant others, siblings, or even a parent as our closest friend, but what about someone outside of that realm?
“We found that loads that were quite heavy and comparatively light were equally effective at inducing muscle growth and promoting strength,” says Cam Mitchell, one of the lead authors of the study and a PhD candidate in the Department of Kinesiology.
2 Grazing in the Grass
Third – It’s not all about you. You have to contribute to the conversation. This is why it takes time. You have to offer something of value to the group.
I Am Michael, Micha-el, Mikkal. The -el stands for Elohim or son of God. Prince of Light, the Great Protector, the almighty Michael who commands the Legions of Light.
RATING: 1 out of 5
champagne vinegar
I can’t change my mold,
Cube stew meat into 1.5” squares. Season liberally with thyme, sage, rosemary, salt and pepper.
Oh, lots of places. But what was old is new again. I’ve probably seen Metropolis ten times, but the film has expanded over the years, until we have this: an (almost) complete print, screened at Toronto’s Bell Lightbox, accompanied by Gabriel Thibaudeau and a number of talented (and fit) musicians. Here’s the official description:
The Editors
The events provided the attendees an overview of the project, including its rationale and the benefits to participating companies, and solicited their support and input in reducing China’s carbon emissions. Companies were likewise introduced to the International Standards and best practices such as ISO 50001 (Energy Management System), ISO 14064 (GHG Inventories), and PAS 2050 (GHG Assessment). #
Shannon – Associate Editor
As I had already told Amelia and Becca what was going on, they were pretending to be uninterested in mine and Dane’s conversation.
3. Talking of shopping, I did a bit of a crazy shopping splurge in Boots on Wednesday afternoon when I got so fed up from being stuck inside for three days (minus the running), staring out of the window at the dull weather. I say ‘splurge’ by my standards – I am a student after all. But I did get quite a lot, despite telling myself I only needed a few ‘essential items’. New mascara? Check. New nail polish? Why the hell not. Shall I finally get around to trying those Tweezermans which I hear are highly recommended? Better make it now or never. I didn’t feel guilty for it at all, to be honest, for I’d deserved it. At least I tell myself I did.
I had a lot of trouble coming up with a topic for today's Five. And so, I decided that, if mish-mash was how my brain was working, then we'd turn that mish-mash into something constructive. And so, I present to you my favorites among the creative arts.
Okay, is it on purpose?
Reflux is fairly common in babies, but Aidan had GERD, which is a severe form. When he was around 8 months old, his reflux had seemed to go away. Usually when kids start eating solid foods their reflux will diminish. Cautiously we started weaning him from his meds.
The trades school, which is being rebuilt by its own students, trains young people in the special skills needed for the heritage office’s restoration work.
Like I said before, we are simultaneously working on a few projects at a time! Sounds time consuming and it is, but it's always fun to be busy with projects that you enjoy! I've been looking for a while to replace our couches in the living room. They are both kind of comfortable but neither are really what we are looking for. They don't match and mainly they always look undone. The minute you sit down on it they are messed up and you have to re-fluff all pillows to look decent again. It's kind of like having an unmade bed, in the living room, all the time! They just look messy and ick. And they are both old couches that we acquired through the years from family so I feel like it's time we get a "grown up" couch that we pick and pay for! YIKES I know- I'm growing up right here in front of you!
Tyler already took care to explain what this conference is all about. I can’t really say it any better unless I try.
3 x 200 g of sashimi grade tuna steaks
In any event, when we learn to tolerate each other’s religious differences, we might also learn to respect other differences and assist those in need.
4. Schoolgirl (Ballard) 3:22
Zach is currently giving me suggestions instead of writing a paper.
I was still in High School, and it was a school day.
"I have a better idea," she replied. "Just for tonight, let's pretend that we're married."
If you feel your kids are missing out on Christmas, maybe they're really missing out on religion. Religion isn't just about being anti-commercial and not having any fun. Maybe that worked for our Puritan forebears here in New England, but it's not especially Jewish, and it's definitely not the way to get your kids turned on. A big part of Judaism is finding joy and celebration in life. Jews invented dreidels, after all--we're not against giving kids toys! As parents, we don't want to spoil our kids all year, but we want to buy them things sometimes. So, they get Hanukkah presents. Better that they should hear "you're so lucky you get eight nights of presents" than think they're unlucky not to get one visit from Santa.
He pulls Robin toward him, caressing her as she pulls herself away.
Final score: 6.5 out of 10
Shoes, cars, electronics, magazines and newspapers, entertainment and web needs, are just some of the coupon offers available from other companies and shared on the Frugal Dad site.
Hope I can get them to heal quickly, probably won't be running any this week! So now I'm researching how to prevent them in the future!
Attack Watch flings Suave down and dares WTF to come after him.
......and I am soooo happy, so so so so happy!
Strawberries for dessert and now I’m stuffed.
Parks
I couldn’t believe that Cristine was born in 1989 coz her personality and physique looks older than her age.
I have been taking the same two sets of 8 numbers in our lotto for 20 years---I have had some wins but nothing really big.
From Constantijn, the queen's third son, we move to Johan Friso, her second (1968) and least known of the three.
isn't it similar to going to coffee with a friend each week and just skimming the surface each time, never going deeper....something like a friend who just talks the whole time about them and never asks how you are? something a bit like the person who just uses you for gifts but never wants to invest in a real relationship? something like a parent who never wants to spend time WITH you but ignores you, never investing in you or asking you how you are or what your interests are...but just goes through the motions? aren't all those seemingly outwardly ok but empty inside of treasure and worth and meaning?
Victoria, British Columbia, Canada
Thanks for stopping by! It may be a bit quiet around here this month... I have TONS AND TONS of fabulous things that I'm working on... but not a lot that I'm able to share with you just yet. :)
Canon EOS 40D – F 2:8 – 1/100 sec – ISO 320 – FL 60mm – No flash Hand Held – Limited process work in Corel Paint Shop Photo 3X
1 x (1898)Shallots / Bawang Kecil Merah = 3.50
No one likes a perfect character. That too-true-to-be-believed character no one can relate to. Same thing goes with the plot and story. The world-building exists to enhance a reader’s escape, and one wrong move can shake that suspended-disbelief and bring it all crashing down…
I did get some pictures of the beautiful flowers in our yard the other day. Would you like a peek?
A few people have asked how I made the rainbow cake for Susannah’s birthday, so thought I would do a quick tutorial. I just kind of made it up as I went and hoped for the best. I wasn’t entirely sure that the colors wouldn’t all run together, so was pleasantly surprised by the fun finished product.
From The Publisher
(all about long distance learning)
Keep interested in your own career, however humble;
the Babe, the King, the One.
in his garage.
It's time to play RTG BINGO - pick a line, vertical, horizontal, or diagonal and use the elements on that line to create something. Please tell us in your post what elements you have chosen to use - that would help us enormously.
time of day: 11:00am
Tony Tiah Thee Kian was charged in the Shah Alam Sessions Court here today
By 1975, the band had broken up.
The story's touchstones of music, perseverance, and faith could wield such force only in the American South. There, in the Louisiana lowlands’ Concordia Parish, their story began in the midst of the Great Depression.
Finally, I leave you with my geekiest YouTube ever.
Step 1: Get plastic 'rouleaux' from your bank.
Lip Pencil (Coffee Cafe)
His surgery is scheduled for next Wednesday.
Since she loves butterflies as well as birds, I spray painted the little bird cage that I had white, and hung it from the ceiling. ( She later said this was her favorite part). See the birdcage on the top of the above picure?
Today we look into the life of Daniel. We specifically look at this young man that had a choice to honor God or honor the king. Oh how I pray that our sons would be like Daniel…right?
I just got home from historic Charleston, SC. What an amazing city - the history and architecture is one-of-a-kind!
All this fun on the beach was ours for free thanks to our handy California State Park vehicular day pass, as long as we were there between the hours of 6 am and 11 pm.
- 7 mills are sold.
From the farm holiday italy pompei and most innovative and secluded Italy hotels are located in Italy. The notary actually has more duties than is normally associated with a lake view, private terrace, cellar and covered car parking space sold for 475,000 euros last year. A small two-bedroom apartments in Italy during your visit to St Mark's Basilica, Correr Museum, Mocenigo Palace, Rialto Bridge, and the farm holiday italy pompei a monarch until 1946, when a republic was developed.
Play-stopping snow, isn't much fun. However prior to gardening I was wearing my very lovely hand made mitts (by a lovely chum Keiss, who I'm seeing soon up here in the frozen north). Can you spy them under the snow - rainbow stripes and so lovely - I wear them all the time! (Not when gardening)
This world wants to shut Him out…”He’s not here.”
He will make a way
And who fought against reform of Fannie and Freddie? OBAMA and the Democrat Congress
- Shame
Definitely. I think this comes from trying to write low-budget horror screenplays in my late teens. Special effects are expensive. A creepy noise coming from somewhere off screen isn’t.
Oh, that’s funny, I noticed you when you walked in.
What an intriguing thing to say. In some ways, I definitely agree; I mean, there is certainly plenty of artistry in parenting, at least more than there is science. But molding your children is something I struggle with. I mean, a child is not a piece of clay to be molded at your desire into your ideal image or any other one. These and other metaphors - some artistic, some not, and most of them seemingly non-threatening - are woven all throughout mainstream parenting culture. While they do provide us with some ready sound bites to describe what we're going through, however, there are no metaphors that accurately capture what I try to do as a parent.
* Design Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade float and two of the previous balloons, Big Bird and Super Grover
Step 3: When I ordered my photos, I also ordered several packages of photo sleeves in different styles. I like using 3-ring 12x12 binder albums because I can move things around while I'm working.
and a list of things to do:
I’ve had a really difficult week and it’s only Tuesday. What with Justin Bieber’s song “Boyfriend” playing on every radio station and the weather being bipolar, plus the fact my professors keep assigning papers in the vain hope that I will actually complete them, I’m exhausted! Which is why my yesterday was the perfect form of stress relief possible.
To my slumped visitors.
After taking a peek at oz.typewriter we all get to know that Tom Hanks is a collector and a typewriters enthusiast. He has even influenced the director Steven Spielberg as we can see in "Tintin" where typewriters are present from the generic to the movie it self, with Tintin display is collection in shelves and an amazing blue Royal in his desk…
And this new indulgence of theirs is..?
Magickal uses: White clover is used against hexes; red can aid with finances. A 4-leaf clover protects against madness, strengthens psychic powers, and is thought to lead to gold or treasures. A 5-leaf clover is a very powerful charm for attracting money.
The Chief Minister is the top ceramah topic for DAP and Lim’s oratory is peppered with mentions of Bai Mao, the Mandarin term for his snowy-white hair. In Kuching, where the Hokkiens are the majority, he is known as Peh Moh.
Cortijo, the Spanish archaeologist, said the loss of Flores makes reaching any understanding with the Mashco-Piro very complicated.
And now, the extremely funny news. Even those of us who do become indistinguishable from native speakers, including where native speakers themselves can’t tell the difference, fail to reach native proficiency: we have near-native-like proficiency instead (I’m not joking, seriously!). This is because we human beings, for all our native competence, are apparently fallible in our judgements about our languages. We don’t notice what we don’t care about, whereas the machines that we build to make our judgements for us do: the proof is in reported examples of millisecond differences in, for example, the amount of puffed air that emanates from native and non-native vocal tracts pronouncing the sounds at the beginning of English words like pan, tan and can (this is the “aspiration of voiceless plosives”, in the insider lingo).
To enter this giveaway, simply share in the comments below:
So what is it that creates a different reaction between football fans and fans of other forms of entertainment? The same levels of intensity, the same levels of division, the same massive, big money, cynical industry. The only thing I can think of is the clear geographical distinctions. But then, the same problems aren’t held within other sports, such as rugby, cricket, or motor racing. Why has this feeling not carried over to America, which has an equally huge sport culture, but far less problems?
In apreciation to my customers I am having my own specials as well! With any on-line order of $150 I will send you a $20 Gift Certificate to use on your next order. Orders of $100 or more will receive a $10 Gift Certificate. I am also offering a $20 Gift Certificate when you purchase the Big Shot or Big Shot starter kit. These offers are good for the month of April only... Don't forget, if you order reaches $150 you begin qualifying for the exclusive hostess stamp sets plus an additional $15 to spend on whatever you want. You may want to host a catalog party and take a few outside orders from your friends so you can easily qualify for the hostess benifits... Please let me know if I can help... This offer is good on all orders placed on-line through my website... All Gift Coupons will expire the end of July 2009...
Having sold over 100 million albums worldwide over the course of their career, they are one of the most successful duo’s in Music History.
This week I thanked my husband for 8 blissful years of marriage. He was so annoyed.
My sister's boyfriend: Don't you need arm candy for this event?
The label die is from Spellbinders: Fancy Tags 2.
This stage of my life consisted of lots of strange, you could also say obsessive, habits. I’d eat two crunchy kashi bars everyday- one with my cup of coffee that I ventured out to get around 2 o clock and the other at night before bed (except for weekend nights). I did the same workout everyday. Lots of cardio machines. I had to be slightly insane to keep that boring nonsense up for so long. I can’t recall what I had for breakfast but assuredly it was the same thing everyday. I wrote my calorie intake down before I’d go to bed every night. If it was over 2000 kcal I’d make note and go way under the next day.
So it has been just over a month since my last post. We had an amazing Christmas. We are so blessed to live in such an amazing community. We reciaved so much from so many people. Our kids had the best Christmas ever. It was such a treat to watch them open there gifts and give there gifts. It was such an amazing holiday and the highlight of a long and hard year. I can't tell you all enough how grateful we are to have you a part of our lives and how much we appreciate you!!!
Commitment and courage — those are my take-aways from The Doctor’s Lady. Hedlund is also the author of The Preacher’s Bride (which may still be available for FREE on Kindle) and she has a new book coming next year.
I changed the words of the song to fit a dad with two little girls. Somehow I managed to make it through the song without crying, but I know there were lots of flat notes because I was holding back tears! I did not look up from the podium because I KNEW that one look at anyone crying would send me over the top. There were lots of people crying too!
British writer Michael Gray, a world expert on Bob Dylan and the biographer of Blind Willie McTell, is opening his home in France for themed Dylan Discussion Weekend Breaks in September.
We had all signed up for a Grim Tour of Philadelphia (Vampires, Sex, Ghost and Murder), but Ruth was the only one who went. Both LaDonna and Polly decided they had been walking around too much already, so they went in search of the Charles Dickens statue while Ruth followed a history professor around town listening to tales of the seedier side of Philadelphia. She learned of ghosts such as the widow of Benedict Arnold who was excited, the fact that Bram Stoker and Edgar Allan Poe wrote scary stories from the city and the fact that George Washington met Martha by reading the obituaries and looking for rich widows. Nice! We also learned that Ben Franklin had a lot of love to share and that John Adams had a real problem with that. Nice to know even historical figures are human.
Here's a Fuller's London Porter clone recipe that I'm flavoring with oak chips. Usually things steeped in oak pull out hints of vanilla and thats what I'm going for here. I am using medium roast American white oak chips. When I described this to the owner of Austin Homebrew, he stated that French oak will give better vanilla flavor and be smoother too. Where was he when I was buying the recipe? The plan is to let it sit with the oak chips a month. If it looks clean, I'll rack into a keg. If not, then off to a carboy for another month.
A Kannada film producer says, “The budgets of the biggest Kannada and Malayalam films are still onetenth of the big budget Tamil and Telugu films. The markets for these films too aren’t as wide. The Telugu and Tamil films have a big overseas audience today just like Bollywood. One of the reasons why the money invested isn’t that big as compared to other industries.”
Place cooked green beans in a bowl. Halve the cherry tomatoes and add them to the beans. Add salt and pepper to taste. Add some salad dressing. Mix with your hands. Taste. Add more dressing if necessary. Place in a tall mound on a plate. Scoop out small chunks of burrata cheese and place all over the salad. Sprinkle with chopped herbs. Serve immediately. If the salad sits for a bit the beans will start to lose their vibrant green color but they'll still taste good.
Then I got a voicemail from my mom saying that my doctor wouldn’t give me more Vicodin because I had supposedly just asked for it. And she got a lecture (which she repeated to me) about using too much Vicodin. Um actually I’m about 10 days short. Which means on 5 days I took an extra Vicodin. So instead of 2 pills I took 3. I called him, got his nurse, who told me he’d give me another prescription but I’d have to come in and see him next time (he is 8 hours away from where I live). So now I have to cut back which sucks because the reason I’m taking more is because my hip has been hurting more lately. Like the way it did before I had surgery. I mean I’ve been on Vicodin for 4 years. I think only take 2 a day is pretty damn impressive. Also I got yelled at by my mom for my hip hurting more and not turning in my IHS stuff yet. Which I have I’m just waiting on the mail now. And I got a second lecture from her (from the doctor) about not seeing a specialist yet. Which I can’t because the insurance I have doesn’t cover pre-existing conditions and I’m still waiting on IHS. So wtf.
Personally, I would not finance a movie directed by some criminal who drugged, raped and buggered a 13 year-old girl and then fled the country to escape justice – and I know something about financing films involving criminals. But Polanski’s showbiz friends seem to think an ‘artist’ of his ‘stature’ (an ironic description, given that he is vertically-challenged) should be forgiven for what they see as a past minor crime. They and I perhaps have different opinions on that – and on our choice of meaning for that crucial word ‘minor’.
Okay, I am in the organizing mode this month and have found a cheap solution to a storage issue in the kitchen. I will show you that tomorrow.....
a warning to all, especially women
Now where do we disagree? Well, I think it’s a bad idea for a man to submit to casual sex with a woman who is unable or unwilling to set boundaries and have a Christian goal for the relationship. I think that casual sex is an inappropriate technique that some women use to make men love them without demonstrating that she really understands him or wants to help him. Sometimes this is done inadvertently because the woman has never learned how to deal with men appropriately, but sometimes it’s done deliberately.
The unspoken silence is deafening. But I still listen.
I’ve no idea if Chris Hughton will still be Birmingham manager next season. I’m sure there will be offers for him considering his seeming ability to transform sows ears into silk purses. If he goes, I can’t begrudge him the opportunity to test himself at a club in a higher league or with greater resources. I’m sure I speak for all Birmingham fans when I say that I hope he remains but he has my best wishes wherever he goes next.
Or gazing on the new soft-fallen mask
no intersections to
I think it’s also getting a better picture of these very violent past events. We’d like to find out more about the scope of those events. We have a lot of old data from past events that’s on paper — in newspapers and so on — and we’re busy trying to find ways to turn it into digital.
TMD gets supercharged at end Gravity Gun gets supercharged at end
the late day light
Quite simply, attention to grammar and spelling, double line spacing and clear presentation help. That will alert me at the beginning that the author has a professional interest in their writing. In terms of content, I see a vast number of copycat stories – as soon as there is a bestselling children’s book, we will become inundated with weak copies of it, which never works. Publishers and agents are after the next big thing, not the last one. True originality is therefore very important. There may be a risk taking element at play here – someone who doesn’t automatically think ‘this is for children so we’ll have to have some little animals in it’ or ‘we can’t have a murder mystery for children’ will produce a less attractive text than somebody who has had a compelling story in their mind for years and sets out to make it work for children. As a rule of thumb, children are generally a great deal more sophisticated than debut authors seem to regard them.
3/4 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
Not that I haven't been utilizing to their greatest extent my analog devices—rather, I have been putting all my creative eggs in the digital basket. After all, publishing a digital file on Amazon was — well — a little too easy. Sure there were some minor formatting piccadilloes to deal with, but far fewer than you'd think, friend.
Eco-friendliness & a healthy home
My agent never called me even after several more calls from me. He was an owning partner in the brokerage so I spoke to his partner who wasn’t much help either. He told me this was routine to clear me before a payout. I asked why my agent hadn’t informed me of this when he knew how badly I needed the money and he didn’t have an answer, but said he’d have my agent call me. Never ever did hear back from my agent!
I have been waiting patiently to find the right image to go with my little Haagen-Dazs popsicle sticks. We had these treats in January and I just knew if I saved the sticks that I could eventually use them on a card. I found a freebie from Pattie's Creations - must have been my lucky day!
Here, everyone drives a car where they’re going and they play in their own backyards. I discovered parks empty during the day. I can walk the three-quarters of a mile to Trader Joes and back again and see only a few Latina grandmothers with a grocery bag, but usually No One. My apartment complex is largely quiet. I spend my day with Diane Rehm and Kojo Nnamdi, and even talk out loud along with their radio show guests about the topics being discussed. Oh NPR – friend of lonely mothers everywhere! Zach’s arrival home for lunch, and later, home from work in the evening, are the social highlights of my day. That’s a bit of a burden on one man who is tired from his day of work and usually still has other jobs that need doing before he can get his downtime – his rest from the stimulation of being out with people all day long. I remember what that’s like.
The Vice Chairman of the CFR is Richard E. Salomon, a senior advisor to the Jesuit cohort David Rockefeller (Who you tell me is SMOM). He is Chairman of the Advisory Board of Blackstone Group. Blackstone Group is run by Peter G. Peterson and Stephen A. Schwarzman. Peterson is married to Joan Cooney, who has received honorary degrees from two Jesuit institutions (Boston College and Georgetown University) and whose mother was Catholic. Peterson co-founded the Concord Coalition along with Warren Rudman, who was Jesuit-trained at Boston College. Peterson was also a crony of Jesuit-trained Bill Clinton. As for Stephen Schwarzman, Schwarzman was a member of Skull & Bones (Which is really the Vatican’s Papal Knights of Eulogia) and he celebrated his 60th birthday on February 13, 2007. One of his friends who attended the party was Cardinal Edward Egan. So, we can see that both of the men running the Blackstone Group, which Saloman had close ties to, are Jesuit coadjutors.
works out in the long run.
But the problem with Ujang was that he was not tall, he was a giant – he suffered from a pituitary tumour that produced abnormal amounts of growth hormone.
Karamani vella Sundal (Black eyed beans with jaggery)
As this convergence of transformative events around the spring of 1919 suggests, one of the central features of the Wilsonian moment was its simultaneity across the boundaries of nations, regions, and empires within which the histories of the anticolonial movements of the period are usually enclosed. It was a brief but intense period in which people across the world directed attention and actions toward the drama unfolding in Paris, with the U.S. president as its leading protagonist. In part, the story of the Wilsonian moment is one of the articulation and circulation of ideas, most prominently the idea that all peoples had a right to self-determination and the related notion of a liberal international order structured around a league of nations in which all members would be equal in status if not in power. The emergence of Wilson’s ideas about the postwar international order, their gradual articulation and refinement in his wartime rhetoric, and their dissemination — both intentionally through the efforts of U.S. wartime propaganda, and circumstantially through the contemporary infrastructure of global communications, which was dominated by pro-Allied news agencies such as Reuters — are all important components of the story told here.
If you read yesterday's post then you know I cheated on my diet. But you know what? I still LOST 8.2lbs this week!!!! The nutritionist at my doctor's office asked me for advice I could give her other patients because I did so well this week. Aw, little ol' me?
Any U.S. aid cut to Egypt, top MB lawmaker Essam el-Erian told the pan-Arabic al-Hayat newspaper, would violate the U.S.-brokered 1979 peace agreement with Israel.
Once upon a time in my younger adulthood, I rarely ate sandwiches, other than tuna. I also had minimal experience of grilled cheese, other than as cheese piled on a slice of bread and run under the broiler until bubbly and crusty. These two facts seem unrelated, but are not.
Last but not least, on Wednesday last week, I mentioned in one of my Miss Chatterbox's posts, Open to Interpretation, that I would do something special for those whose interpretation rocked my world ;) I'm not a giveaway kind of gal (sorry...), so I'd like to invite each of you to host my Wordless and (Not So) Wordless Wednesday post. Just let me know which date you'd like, and on that Wednesday, I'd feature your Wednesday post and link back to your blog (that way you would still post on your blog, and at the same time, it will be posted on my blog as well). Sounds good?
And two regrets: not having smashed that phone against the wall, and taking a year to reach out to my littlest brother after I left.
Having recently moved into a different office building at work, I got the opportunity to choose a few goodies for my new office:) I still need artwork, so we'll see how that goes.
The best part was that David had taken a week of vacation to make my ring. I knew how busy he was with the holidays so I hadn't expected him to propose. I was in shock!
We talked about how we should call Andrew's parents. Give them an update. Tell them not to worry. That everything is fine. That their grandson is fine. That we got his sister's wedding invitation. That we've meant to call more lately. That we're sorry.
Punches: Martha Stewart deep double edge punch Monarch Butterflees Trim and Pine Branch; Nellie Snellen Floral punches and embosser--Roseleaf-Jumbo and Extra-Large Leaf
who calls you into His kingdom and glory.
It’s also just starting to really sink in that Reaper has been canceled. It wasn’t the best show around, but it was always enjoyable. Seeing Sock in a new (not very good looking) sitcom just seals it for me. Sigh.
The real shame is that while the onrushing future offers the life insurance industry a unique opportunity not just to compete, but to dominate in financial services, the industry gives every indication of an embedded tendency to rest on its past success. If this continues, the industry can only watch as the future passes it by. There are a number of important areas that could be cited, but the best example of the industry’s unwillingness to be in time with the future is in its failure to use technology to improve its business model.
Their face and their smile comes to your mind,
The Melancholy Of Haruhi Suzumiya (2006, 2009) is an absolutely fantastic anime series which began as a light novel and then a manga series by Nagaru Tanigawa. It is one of the best series to come from Japan. Really. Check it out!
If you are a mature practitioner with a clear sense of your path and tradition, there is little to fear and much to gain through encounters with other traditions. These will likely serve to only clarify and deepen your faith and insight. Keep an open heart, an open mind, and seek for a path that works for you.
let remain until quite firm
That way I could have crushed What The Canuck? by an even larger margin, 125-57.
3. Neighborhood swimming pool, cool water kissed breeze, smells of summer.
Michael Sheen is kind of awesome. Going directly from Frost/Nixon to the incredibly inessential Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is quite the jump, even if they were filmed in reverse order. Does he have a really big mortgage? Need an excuse to go to the gym? Get really bored playing Tony Blair? (Three times and counting.) Or maybe he just has a great sense of humor?
But this going to the tomb is only the second day. Criterion 2 says that Jesus was in the tomb for three days and three nights. Could they have discovered that Jesus was still there? Is Friday the first day of the week? Based on these, Jesus could not had been crucified on a Wednesday.
The other incident I’ll share happened with my employer. I was going through the murky depths of trying to get a correct diagnosis (most people with chronic illness take years to get properly diagnoses – partly because of experiences like the one I just mentioned). To put it mildly, things were not good. My supervisor, who encouraged us to have an open conversation with him, just wanted to know when it was going to be “fixed.” Let’s just say I didn’t feel open telling him that I had no idea (and later that it never would be). Instead I felt pressured to drop to part time so I wouldn’t cost the business as much money. And I learned a hard lesson about being open.
- This is the first time that I've followed a Dan Lepard recipe that employs an overnight pre-ferment; in this case stout, yeast, some of the flour, and the spices are mixed together, covered and put aside overnight.
(Luke 11:3) Give us each day our daily bread.
After a few days, I got in touch with booking.com, through whom we’d booked, asking where our refund was. They told me to call Hawkrigg – but Hawkrigg, it appears, no longer answer the phone. They said they’d look into it. They called me back to say that they couldn’t get through as no-one was answering the phone. A week later, we got an email. The owner was now saying she never promised us a refund: our refusal to pay was now her generous gesture of compensation. Unhappy, I contacted them again; the same reply. Again and again and again I went to booking.com who went to Hawkrigg who said I was lying. Finally, we got an email about 5 or 6 weeks after our disastrous stay: she would’ve refunded the deposit but we’d smoked in the room and the £50 was to cover ‘fumigation’ costs. I stopped emailing then. Not because I was guilty (yes, we smoke, but in non-smoking establishments we go outside, just like we do at friends’ houses and just as we do at home, choosing to not smoke in our own house), but because I was taken aback: how could someone lie like that? How can you reason with someone, how can you hold someone to account, how can you appeal to the better nature of someone who is willing to lie to get out of repaying money owed? It made me wonder: when did it become OK to lie, and when did it become OK to steal?
"It tastes . . . . . . WEIRD," he said.
Lovely venue, yummy food and a fun photobooth station!
“We want an economy fueled by what we invent and what we build. We’re going back to Thomas Edison’s principles. We’re going to build stuff and invent stuff.”
I give this a Three and a Half out of Five Survivors
The smell of jet exhaust, the sound of turbine engines, and the faint whiff of insecticide. Yep, the family business is going to pick up here in the next couple weeks, and I will be back at work. My sister will be watching Brayden, as well as my mom, so that all 3 of us can work! It will be interesting, but I seriously LOVE that I get to take Brayden to work with me. (And yes, that is my dad in the picture. He is one of those crazy aerial applicators!)
I recently completed a case mod for a friend of a friend, and it took much longer than expected. Unfortunately, I didn’t document the whole thing from start to finish, and my buddy assembled the hardware and gave it to his friend before I got pictures of the completed project. But, I did take a picture of the side panel (The coolest part of the mod in my opinion…) before I relinquished it:
Sallmén M, Lindbohm ML, Kyyrönen P, Anttila A, Taskinen H, Nykyri E, Hemminki K. Fertility and parental occupational exposure to organic solvents. In: Proceedings of 1° Congresso Nacional de Saúde Ocupacional; 1996 Oct 6-9; Póvoa de Varzim. Porto: Departamento de Clínica General da Faculdade de Medicina da Universidade do Porto, 1996: 15-17.
The girls standing on street corners don’t even scratch the surface of the problem. Most girls are trafficked online, using any number of classified websites.
I had the good fortune of being an 8 year old baseball nut when Hank passed Babe Ruth on April 8th, 1974. I had the advantage of growing up in an era where power-hitters were heroes that could be trusted and liked.
Working with an architect and contractor, we came up with the interior closet plan posted above, that will provide plenty of hanging space and lots of open shelving/cubbies to hold my shoes, sweaters and folded items. I am not a DIYer which is why I needed help with the design and construction, although I am spending the weekend painting every single one of those shelves before they're installed next week.
Tonight was a fairly easy one as my knee is twinging a little bit, think I might have twisted it slightly on Sunday, so thought I'd give it a rest.
I got some money in my pocket shoes on my feet
Gender: Who knows at this point... !! I've given up! 3 weeks!!
It has been a busy couple of months! Lots of things to take care of and now I am off for a much needed visit with my parents and family in San Diego. My niece is getting married on Saturday at the Disneyland Hotel :) How fun to get married at the "happiest place on earth"..lol!
Sweet friends of ours from our child birthing classes just had twin boys!!! Oh, and their daughter is only a few weeks older than Tucker!!! I can't even believe it!!! They were so sweet to ask me to create custom canvases for over the boy's cribs, and I was thrilled to oblige, especially since this meant that I got to know the names before everyone else!
The early stages of mobility in the workplace were fairly simple: A couple top executives had private cellphones with numbers that only the most important people could reach. The wall between the C-suite and the rest of enterprises began to erode with the rise of the BlackBerry, as mobile email became pervasive through the entire corporate structure. But we’re still waiting for the next step.
For the last 100 years, and in America, at least, quilting has had a much more open history of sharing, teaching, and community service. A group of women often formed quilting bees to collectively quilt quilts for each others families. They didn't mind quilting Sue's daughter's quilt because they knew one day Sue, and maybe even her daughter would help quilt one of their quilts too.
I woven a turned herringbone fabric in Harrisville Shetland wool, Purple and Gold as I started my project after we knew who we were exchanging with. My original plan was to weave fabric to use to make one large Legionnare's bag. However once I had woven the fabric and done rigid heddle straps, I began to mock the bag up. I did not like the way that the reinforcement straps cut up to weave of the fabric, so I went to plan B. I had previosly asked Lady Siubhan, formerly of the Dragon's Embroidery Guild now back in Lochac, to send me a page from Anglo-Saxon Dress in England. The page I requested showed a satchel found with female remains. That page also showed a belt pouch found with some male remains. As luck would have it I had just enough fabric to make similar bags in my handwoven cloth, approximately 8" x 11 " each.
The cost-of-living pay has to be slashed. Instead, resources should be redirected to improving training and prospects for career development.
and I’ll think, before – do
Herman Cain poses an existential threat to the locked-in democratic votes of the black community. There is a possibility that a choice between a black democrat and a black republican might cause some to reassess their true political leanings, rejecting the traditional knee-jerk liberalism. This cannot be allowed to happen.
When I got to the bathroom I tried my hardest not to touch anything.
May is also mine and my husbands anniversary and this year it will be our FIRST wedding anniversary. May 7th to be exact! We are very excited, b/c…well, while we were dating we did not celebrate any anniversary’s. It was just “cheesy” to us.. although I know that some people really do love celebrating that…and more power to ya, that was just not “our thing”.
We bounce through Heathrow and land at Barajas bang on time. It is an amazing airport – huge and light and extremely well connected to the city via buses and the metro system. We opt for the metro and are amazed to see that tickets are only €2.50 to whizz us all the way from the airport to our hotel.
What would you say?
Every single manuscript is unique, therefore making its journey unique from the manuscripts before. Each and every story only happens once.
Will be the sweetest sound
Then there was Denise Van Outen who was caught bottle feeding her baby. Or it might have been someone else. And was judged for it.
If you have decided on your colour palette for the wedding, you should have a good idea of what colour your bridesmaids will be wearing. At that point, it is time to choose the bridesmaid dresses. Some women, when they think of a bridesmaid dress simply cringe, however with today’s new styles with charming ruffle trims, floral embellishments, flattering necklines, varied hemlines, and scope of fabric, there is no need to worry.
That's actually a state-by-state thing. You know, I'm a journalist, or at least I was, I'm kind of a recovering journalist now. I think it's actually state by state.
Daddy and lovey are both coming home over Easter so Momma and I plan to keep the festivities going all weekend. Take a look at these cocktails inspired straight out of the Easter Bunny's basket. These adult drinks are perfect for after dinner on Saturday night while being not so adult while watching my favorite Easter movie as a kid. Momma ordered it yesterday on Amazon and I squealed like a little pig when she told me! (Sorry boys..)
Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil
Senator Ali Ndume is PDP, Inspector General of Police Ringim that supervised the escape of principal suspect bomber in Suleija on Christmas day is PDP, Zakari Biu the Commissioner of Police who executed the escape plan is PDP, the Christmas bomber is PDP registered in his village. PDP governors pays tithe to Boko Haram . The gun runner, Comrade Nuhu Mohammed , arrested for supplying arms to Boko Haram militants is PDP. His phone contacts revealed affinity with members of the Federal Executive Council, National Council of State and other PDP chieftains. The list is endless and it all points to the same source , the ruling party.
Me (the librarian): Can I help you find something?
11:03
Theory 3
This makes me grateful that I was accepted into art school, given the chance to show people my talent and passion for art and design and also grateful for my friends and family who encouraged me to pursue a career in design... something which I want to do with my life. It is apparent from my family history, that art and design runs in my blood, as most of my family members are crafty one way or another. This knowledge makes me proud and allows me to carry on art to pass the future generations one day... hopefully, but not just yet!
He came all the way from Shanghai China just to be with me. It was meant to be.
He was born at 9:47pm on Monday, May 2. He weighed 7 lbs, 6.5 ounces, and was 19 inches.
– Cathie M.
The route was the easiest possible, considering that no railroad building in Oregon could be easy -- from Drain down Elk Creek to its union with the Umpqua at Elkton, then down the Umpqua to its mouth at Reedsport, and south along the ocean to Coos Bay -- a water-grade route all the
There are three schools of thought about Nietzsche. Most popular among academics is the school of the “gentle Nietzscheans,” who claim that Nietzsche was, in effect, a sheep in wolf’s clothing; that his attacks should not be taken literally and that he was really an ally, not an enemy, of the Western institutions and values which he denounced.
There is no simple, single-cause explanation for this long-term decline – it is the result of a variety of changes in society that have combined to greatly reduce the overall demand for pubgoing. These include, amongst others, the decline of heavy industry, increased gender equality, changing attitudes to drink-driving, the growing official demonisation of alcohol and, of course, most recently the smoking ban.
On that Monday, the pain had REALLY centralized in the left area of my chest, in the heart region, and was in my left arm it felt like a tube was jammed up and down my arm. Very weird. At that point, after describing the symptoms to my Mom, she said I should go to the hospital, like now, I asked my Mother-in-Law to make arrangements to pick Bennett up from school and if she could take me to the ER.
Using my Grand Calibur made this next part SUPER easy. I was able to die cut the Grand Labels One AND the large pennant at once! The plates go through the machine very smoothly. I didn't use one in this project, but I LOVE to use Impression Plates in my Grand Calibur because it gives me a deeper impression than when I use my Cuttlebug. . .and I don't snap my plate with thicker cardstock like I have with my Cuttlebug.
“The police were not available!”
Some of the younger Jesuits were cool; they were into the liberation theology version of Catholicism. They were the ones who got me interested in SNCC and nonviolent civil rights. But the older generation were pretty much universally from the medieval school of Catholicism. They might sneer at the know-nothing Franciscans but they would have gleefully participated in the Inquisition.
A couple of years back I wrote this post about going over to Wales to visit my great aunt who had turned 100 on New Year's Day. She died today, aged 102. On the scale of tragic-things-that-can-happen-in-life a very old lady passing peacefully away does not rank too highly, but I found myself more upset than I imagined I would be when today inevitably came. I'd wanted to marry her when I was little. I understood marriage as being something you did with a lady who always beamed when they saw you and treated you with love and kindness. Throw in 'age-appropriate' and 'not a blood relative' and it's still pretty much a philosophy I subscribe to.
Three leaders of the opposition movement that gained new life over the winter were among those arrested: Sergei Udaltsov, Alexei Navalny and Boris Nemtsov.
Khavu’s instincts are to finish the battle as quickly as possible and from a great range if possible. The field has been checked for traps by the clan so it should be safe.
We are such a fragmented body politic in this country that we are subjected to minority rule. What ever minority at the time makes the most noise seems to rule. It seems to me that the party in power, democratic, and the party of loyal dissent, republican are so at odds that they seem to take delight in simply negating the power of the other party without regard to the will of the citizens. I wish the voters of the U.S. would somehow come together and take back control of our country. I think it is important that the two parties work together to fashion legislation that reflects the will of the citizens instead of the will of the representatives.
Yesterday, I gave you a copy of Joan Didion’s “On Self-Respect,” your mock exam scores, five or six pages of feedback on that exam, and a deconstructed student rhetorical analysis response. I’ve now shared with you a few more things:
Primo says I was poor when I was a kid, but I disagree. We lived just fine, but just didn't have luxuries, like going out to eat. His parents had the money to pay for his college. He worked, but he worked for beer money.
So, from the bottom of my heart, thank you. Here’s to many more.
Mom: Derek, stop. He doesn’t want to come down. You know he’s feeling low.
I’ve actually never received more compliments on how I look than I am getting in my second trimester. Based on my history with weight gain, I expected to blow up when I got pregnant. I thought that I would just become round and bloated, being 5 feet tall and all. Instead, I’m pretty much all belly, which suits me if I do say so myself. This is part to the fact that the baby has literally wedged himself UNDER my hipbone (as my bladder likes to remind me now by refusing to actually hold anything) – according to my hubby, my hips have actually moved UP an inch rather than spread. Leave it to my kid to completely mess with the simple process of how to lay in a womb.
The Eighth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution provides: “Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.” Attempts were made to abolish the Death Penalty through the Supreme Court by asking them to declare it “cruel and unusual” per se. In Furman v Georgia (1972), the Court, in a 5-4 decision, (with the four Nixon appointees dissenting), ruled the Death Penalty unconstitutional, when applied in a discriminatory manner. A new conservative majority however came back in 1976 and declared Capital Punishment was not in and of itself unconstitutional.
Really? Will they employ camp orchestras, cus I play the French horn?
Dies: JustRite Custom Nested Sentiment Dies, Spellbinders Labels 6, Pinking Circles
And since the Bitch is choked and inarticulate with the weight of all this, the two Furies drop her, and jump impatiently away towards the next victim emerging from Heal's.
Image - Daisy girl from the digi doodle shop (they have some fab images)
I feel removed from riff and raff;
He'd been placing jackets and suits into a big carrier bag. They all had Italian logos on them.
JO: We didn't realise what we were doing until we came home.
Oh wait. The kitchen. It needs a desperate overhaul before Wolfgang can cook there.
These are just a few!
Karen Erickson has always loved the written word. From being one of the best readers in her kindergarten class to penning romantic stories that never ended about her favorite band members (Duran Duran) in high school, she always wanted to write. It just took her a while to seriously pursue it.
During the month of May 2012, add this to your cart along with purchase of $6 or more and during checkout use the coupon code: May2012Collab
My mindset has been that this is a temporary spot for us. I know we aren't going to be here too long, so why waste time decorating it. When we move I am going to want to start all over anyways! Right?
Pre Scriptum: This is going to be a pretty long series, not my fault, the pooram festivities are that long and elaborate.
Gregory: who are you voting for?
"Instant branding, Chile-style
April 3, 2010
Fortunately there are plenty blossoms, and therefore food, around to keep the little workers happy. Lets see how they are doing. I’ll post pictures next week so keep looking
KIRKISM: “But you’re not a fish, Mr. Spock.”
When you know who you are, and operate from that strength, you can bulletproof your life and your business. This is the basis of WhoProof, developed by Christie Mims & Scott Sullivan. (Yes, even little Cindy Who and everyone in Whoville would appreciate the simplicity of this program!)
Now you're ready to actually get started. Most of my parties are very DIY - and, yes, you can tell that many things are homemade. But it saves money and makes the party more fun and personal for me. Make a list of everything you'll make and another of everything you'll buy. Then make a separate list of the supplies you'll need for homemade stuff. I generally make everything over the course of a two weeks, working in the evenings before bed. Often I play a movie or an audiobook on my computer while I work, although some more involved projects may require your full attention (and/or Internet help.)
Have a good week end,
Being such a great paper crafting holiday, lots of blogs and paper companies are having challenges so I'm going to try and get a few out there in the next two days, sorry in advance for the extra posts!
Late nights, over the phone, you told stories,
According to Wikipedia, the song was inspired by their deteriorating relationship with Factory owner Tony Wilson. Drama begets pop music.
The world imposes its voices, teachings, and propaganda upon each of us. There is so much uncertainty in all of that, as doubts and fears arise. Without doubt this is a tool of Satan as illustrated in the Garden of Eden as seen in Genesis 3:1. “Now the serpent was more subtil than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. And he said unto the woman, Yea, hath God said, Ye shall not eat of every tree of the garden?” He is sowing seeds of doubt in a most subtle way, not unlike his work today.
Starting tonight through Sunday afternoon, The Gingerbread Players will be presenting "Willy Wonka", under the direction of Patty Hughes. This promises to be a wonderful family event that will delight not only the young, yet the young at heart as well.
Ultimately, if we treat a greater percentage of all things in our lives as sacred, our ideology then moves towards protecting all our interests regardless of compensation or material gain. Much of this has to do with mass consciousness and how we counter corruption within.
Convicted in the August 1996 robbery murder of a friend, Bartee was given a stay before his scheduled execution in February so that additional DNA testing could be done. When the May 2 date was announced, Bartee attorney David Dow sent the court a letter saying the new date should not have been set because DNA testing has not been done. Dow said no notice of a hearing for a new execution date was sent to him or Bartee.
5) K-12 Education (also public, private, charter, university, MA/PhD, internships/coops, fellowships, and various forms of professional certification and training)
Caroline was a young 18 year old prostitute. I have no idea how my mother met her, just one day she was there... living with us. Her 'thing' was being paid to shit on men; that's what she did. She said that some men like that. Laughing, she explained that the best thing to eat if she didn't want to hang around too long was spicy curry or Mexican. Like many prostitutes I have since known, she seemed to take an enormous pride in her hustle, saying that no-one could “drop a load” like her. But we were young and it was just a big joke.
A Washington DC-area citizens’ civil rights group and the American Civil Liberties Union have launched a publicity and petition campaign against bag searches on the area’s subway system.
I realize,
Dad reaches over. Grabs the handle. Lifts it into the air. Joey holds on tight, his legs dangling and kicking the air. Dad shakes the stick, pulls at his fingers, lets Joey fall to the ground.
2) a shoot with a seed-hat
One morning, he fell asleep (yet again) in Mr. Swartz’ class. After the yardstick-on-the-desk trick woke him up, Mr. Swartz laid the yardstick down between his widespread feet and proceeded to read him the riot act.
Try to camp at least 100 feet from water and in the case that you are camping in the back country, be sure to include a means of purifying the water that is available. For example, pack a water filter or iodine tablets. As well, when watering your horse in the back country, use established watering sites (ex. sites that wildlife has used for watering).
Here are two of my own projects that didn't make it into the Holiday Cards and More Special Issue - forgive the terrible photos - I'll post better ones later!
If you haven’t tried Garrett Popcorn you are missing out! I am truly obsessed with this popcorn and it is available for purchase online in case you do not have a store in your area. The “Chicago Mix” is the best. It is a combination of cheese and caramel mixed together.
I believe it was old color-blind Al Sharpton who put Plan B into circulation. That was after George Zimmerman’s father, Robert, notified the media on March 20 that his son is not white.
More or less, the reason we watch or ignore a flick like this is based on whether or not it gives us what we want. Dracula (The Dirty Old Man) promises a lot in its title alone - it promises that we're going to see a Dracula (or at the very least an Alucard) that does a lot of very lecherous things with pretty women. When The Count leads Irving into his cave and (in voiceover) says, "Take my hand, and you'll find I'm a stranger in paradise", or when a girl transports into Drac's/Aluc's arms as he says/dubs "Come to me, my melancholy baby", we realize that this is a nudie cutie that is actually trying to be a Dracula movie without realizing it's shooting itself in the foot with each scene. Or at least stabbing itself with a wooden stake.
It is your belief, and yours alone, that gives you the impetus to achieve any level of financial abundance you desire. Don’t get lost in numbers, but instead focus on the abundance of abundance itself. Believe in yourself and your Higher Consciousness that is always at work within you.
The movie kicks off strongly and initially looks like it’s going to play out like a noir picture. A car is making its way along a stretch of road in Tunisia in the middle of a violent storm. The rain is hammering down relentlessly and the darkness is closed in oppressively on all sides with only the headlights cutting a feeble path ahead. Hunched in the gloom, the driver squints through the rain-streaked windscreen and forges on. By sheer luck he avoids running slap into a landslide that’s taken out the road. As he gets out to try to discover a way round the obstruction, he comes upon a wrecked and abandoned truck. His good fortune in avoiding an accident is revealed to be one of those sneaky tricks of fate when he finds that the truck was apparently part of a gun running operation. This whole sequence takes place without a word of dialogue and the murkiness of a rotten night is only broken by the occasional flashes of lightning that draw attention to the important sights. That wonderful atmosphere is retained as the tired and muddy traveller makes his way to the nearest town, and the welcoming light of the local inn. It’s here that we learn his identity: David Redfern (Trevor Howard), a British archaeologist sent to catalogue and collect some ancient artifacts (including the golden salamander of the title) before overseeing their shipping. His close call on the washed out road has placed him in a perilous position though, with the gun runners suspecting (though at first not sure) that he’s seen something. What draws him deeper into danger is his becoming romantically involved with the young proprietress of the inn, Anna (Anouk Aimee), whose brother is part of the smuggling gang. The plot is a straight thriller that sees Redfern first wrestling with indecision before resolving to take action when a tragic turn of events forces his hand. Even then he has to face up to the fact that the town is a nest of corruption where it’s impossible to be sure who, if anyone, can be trusted.
For the stomps......
* making a necklace of safety pins in lieu of the ribbon that was typically worn with a robe a la francaise
“What are we to do, then? Are we to fight against the pope, as well as the Turk, since the one is as godly as the other?” Answer: Treat the one like the other and no one is wronged; like sin should receive like punishment. I mean that this way. If the pope and his followers were to attack the empire with the sword, as the Turk does, he should receive the same treatment as the Turk; and this is what was done to him by the army of Emperor Charles before Pavia. For there stands God’s verdict, “He that takes the sword shall perish by the sword.” I do not advise that men go to war with the Turk or the pope because of his false belief or evil life, but because of the murder and destruction which he does. But the best thing about the papacy is that it has not yet the sword, as the Turk has; otherwise it would surely undertake to bring the whole world into subjection, though it would accomplish no more than to bring it to faith in the pope’s Koran, the decretals. For he pays as little heed as the Turk to the Gospel, or Christian faith, and knows it as little, though with fasts, which he himself does not keep, he makes a great pretense of Turkish sanctity; thus they deserve the reputation of being like the Turk, though they are against Christ.
Min 8: #31 came here because the following search terms led him astray: “between chubby and slender women which one are sweet when having sex” (I’m not kidding!), “bunny with down syndrome”, and “where do I find crack whores in manhattan”. But, once #31 realized this is NOT a blog with maps detailing where to find manhattan crack whores, filled with pictures of dancing bunnies with down syndrome, and articles discussing the difference between rubenesque and slender women having sex, well, once he realized that he immediately unfollowed. Fine, #31, but had you only given me some time, it could’ve been all those things for you and more.
This weekend is Mid South Con in Memphis! I took Friday off from work and have spent the whole weekend doing non-stop gaming! I've had a blast! I don't have many pictures to show you because frankly I was having so much fun that I forgot about taking pictures. LOL
What are your thoughts? Is there a cartoon character that you dislike?
SECOND COURSE
The Chocolate Shells required either a ganache piping in and decorating or a fruit being macerated in Kir and Stock Syrup. Both were achieved and the piping meant that I had now done it twice in a lifetime. One of the more arcane techniques which we have to learn is peeling and pitting a Grape!! So Grapes in Kir filled the remaining shells and the Salmon loomed.
3. Lavished in Love
I’d make it almost impossible for farmers to farm, miners to mine, loggers to log, and builders to build.
A. This list only contains real estate property subject to NAMA loans, to which receivers have been appointed. Most hotels subject to NAMA loans inIreland continue to be operated by the original developers/borrowers.
Service is about giving people what they want.
“He doesn’t have to love your CD collection. He doesn’t have to love your shoes. But any good, mature guy better make an attempt to love your friends and family—especially when they’re great.”
And this is a really fun option... putting a playhouse for Chloe under the stairs. I'd love to create something like this one by Mossy. Growing up, we had a playhouse under the stairs (okay, it was more like a curtain and a table) and I remember spending hours there, reading books, playing grocery with my sister, hiding my treasures. How fun would this be?
Healing love, yes
Normally, putting a space between each picture is easy (see the codes in the illustrations).
Last birthday or bike ride, vacation or dance.
"That's the village," he responds to another question and gives himself away again. Here in Australia it is a "town". It is considered to be a reasonable size.
As you read, you alternately feel glad that all the various disasters that befall him - including plagues of locusts,bees, giant mosquitos, and workmen falling through glass roofs - didn’t happen to you, while half wishing you had the guts to undertake something so quixotic and wonderful. In the tradition of both Peter Mayne and the writers of The Arabian Nights, Shah delights in the mischievous, puzzling and sometimes maddening characters he encounters. Believe me , after living in Morocco for three years and doing only rather small renovations/restorations, on the whole it's less hair-raising to read about than actually do. Shah is a wonderful story -teller.
I know which one I'd prefer. I love a bit of comfort. lol.
I'm from Los Angeles.
Amidst all my anticipatory vacation daydreams of romantic redwood strolls with my sweet guy (and a long overdue funnel cake), I've been a busy bee getting the always important groundwork laid for a few patterns I'll be soon publishing...there are a couple on deck. Patterns for both Buttercup and Damsel will be available to you soon. I've completed yet another of each in my favorite of colors (I've yet to photograph these 2)...these made from Knit Picks Swish Worsted in Fired Brick. Adore this color! Just be sure not to use bamboos with this one or they'll be stained pink. Lesson learned, that was careless on my part. Forgive my temporary blogging abuse...day to day life sometimes put things on hold. Then there's the old "to do list" that somehow manages to grow in length just when you start to think it's dwindling down. Haha! Ahhh, such as life. When it rains it pours...a little puddle jumping is all.
I stopped at Dhoby Ghaut MRT station, turned to Park Mall Shopping Mall, crossed the road and there it was – Fort Canning Park.
Then again, it could be that the idea of dark matter is correct but that the particles involved in dark matter behave somewhat differently than thought or are distributed in space somewhat differently than thought.
4. What would I like to grow?
Absolutely, undeniably one of my favourite songs by Ms Minaj and without a shadow of a doubt my favourite video of hers – no competition. The song itself is very ‘old Nicki’ and by old Nicki, I mean the kinda content that made me listen to her in the first place. She wasn’t gimmicky, she wasn’t being outrageous or saying some controversial shit that was gonna get her noticed. It’s hard to relate to all that gimmicky stuff because if you’re not 15, or you’re not living the same lifestyle as she is with champagne and pink lambos; as much as you might like the track – you can’t relate to that. So this song was different because like a lot of her old songs such as Still I Rise and Autobiography, the content was relatable to people from just normal walks of life.
Deanna Sellyeh
Since it's so lovely here, I am going to share a little picture that I just took of my nine year old son vrooming around our still-somewhat-snowy yard on his little 50cc motorcycle. Just cuz it's cute!
It makes me wonder why the medical fraternity are not researching the immune systems of people with autism. I wonder why they are not profiling the immune systems of people who have survived adverse reactions to vaccines, and see if they can find a pattern, so maybe we could predict (and lessen) adverse reactions before vaccination happens. I wonder why they are not looking at the similarities and differences between autistic subtypes. We've got a whole wide world of controls out there... a world wide willing cohort of parents and siblings for genetic profiling... a world that needs to work out how it's going to survive an ever increasing social and medical services load.
We kept shuffling toward the start line, and eventually got there. This is what it looked like almost 2/10 of a mile from the start.
saying, “if there are no roses”
Up for the week: Nothing HUGE that must get done, but a lot of tiny things. My parents came to town this weekend and my mom helped me tackle our basement all day Saturday. It felt AMAZING. AAAAA! When we first moved in here, it was only going to be for 6 months. So the basement, made up of two halves, ended up being a "catch-all" place. One half was chock-full of our moving boxes, still packed, all the things we loved. The other half was the place for "MISC." Things we needed, but not immediately... half unpacked boxes... new stuff we acquired but didn't have a place for. Photography props. Outgrown toys. Empty boxes saved for future packing or care packages or whatever. Now, 2 years later, it had gotten OUT OF HAND. And I've been in the mood to trim, pare, purge my life so very much, that I've been itching to get down there and make magic happen. Purge with a vengeance. So this Saturday was AMAZING. With the help of my powerful, energetic, incredible mom, we got the crazy half of the basement SO organized--- stuff trimmed down to a third of what it was before.... so many things thrown away or donated... And a new sense of order-- a more PERMANENT sense of "basement order" down there now. So much so, in fact, that my parents brought with them a full-sized bed and frame and we'll set it up in a cozy corner down there (what basement is EVER cozy, I ask you? NONE. So I'm being optimistic when I call this corner cozy.)... and there will be a little more space for the family we love that we often host. It's no "Oprah Guest Room"--- (my dream guest room, someday, will TOTALLY be like Oprah's guest rooms in her home(s)--- gorgeous linens, lovely light, and a gift basket with a novel or two, a bottled water, a bag of something yummy, and , like, a freakin' brand-new BATHROBE or something... SOMEDAY.)--- so yeah, it's not THAT, but it'll do.
I made my way to the doctor, who resembled Norman Rockwell’s interpretation of an elderly physician. I answered a few generic questions and then I was then asked to get naked so I could participate in the old turn-and-cough check. I normally don’t object to getting naked in front of strangers.
(Warning, Spoilers ahead)
Since becoming pregnant, I’ve been plagued almost non-stop with a multitude of unpleasant symptoms. These symptoms forced me to adapt my schedule and sacrifice my precious morning time with God. I still found ways to sneak in time with Him, but for me, it hasn’t felt the same.
A box is a story waiting to be told, its contents secret and mysterious until the moment when a curious mind creaks it open, and reveals all.
I have a major issue with being touched unnecessarily. Most people I know somehow also know not to touch me (it could be the fact that they’re scared I might snap one of their bones if they come too close but I haven’t had that confirmed). Unless they’re going to give me a back rub or massage my neck, then hell, that’s a free for all.
kindle/ebooks (some titles were free or almost free):
One of the quotidian features of this paper is a poll that asks for the reader’s opinion on a wide variety of subjects regarding life in Lima. People can answer “yes” or “no” to the question of the day by sending a text message to the paper.
So says the U.N. weather agency, providing further evidence Thursday that the planet is slowly but surely heating up.
Add to this the ridiculous and appalling rulings on some of the other points - indication of knowledge because they had tools to detect infringement, insertion of ads in the users' works indicating knowledge of infringement and the fact of MySpace's India-centric operations being proof of infringing activity in/from India, and it is clear that the Indian law is falling far behind and needs a complete makeover.
– and this with crawfish prices hovering around two dollars a
Where the dead men lost their bones.
Laura Holland has won our competition for a family ticket to a UK Dungeon. There were 20 correct entries and the d20 chose her. Grats to Laura, commiseration to the rest, and thank you to everyone for entering. And of course, thank you to Merlin Entertainments and Tugsearch for providing the prize.
Names like Michael Wall, Geoff Platt, Michael Zigomanis and countless others who are plying their craft in a different league or have stopped playing altogether. I hope they can look back on their hockey cards and smile that they are forever immortalized on cardboard. I guess in professional sport, getting your own rookie card is your 5 seconds of fame.
I think I'll read it several times today. On the plus side, I finished the first draft of the chapter book Marissa and I are writing. And I did the usual 2:00 a.m. wake-up on the plot for the second book in the series. This is the part of writing that I love.
But to me,
Cedar Point helps draw out-of-state teams to come as well. The tournament sold over 100 tickets to the amusement park on Day One.
Though a whimsical post
She's gotten bandages off of one hand and will hopefully discard her beautiful boot next week as she takes pain pills and moans about how her hands don't work.
biologically determined animal counterparts in expressing themselves. The answer
than mine
Challenge Stage 2 - If you hop along with us you'll find that the Easter Bunny has arrived early and left some hidden goodies on some of the Design Team's Blogs. You need to hop through the whole list to find out where he's hidden them.
The Rudbeckia Goldsturn is very late this year. The Coneflowers (Razzmatazz and Magnus) have already opened. I did, however, get a BAD SURPRISE----ORANGE appears yet again.
Sprinting, you might call it......
Well, I hope you all have a fantastic day! Remember to share the love. I'm going to take my 7-year-old daughter into my craft room and cook up something crafty! I've totally been inspired. I will be back on later with our creations and bring you some pictures of what we created.
But the Brooks/Barnes points do need to be supplemented again by an awareness that, from Edmund Burke onwards, conservatives have ALWAYS seen some role for government. And protecting the country from outside enemies is absolutely one of those proper roles of government. Outside the anarcho-capitalist camp, even most libertarians would agree with that one. So George W. Bush's post 9/11 security buildup is a very proper conservative thing to do, even if -- as one expects from a government activity -- its execution is hamfisted.
Jeremy Clarkson has risked outrage by suggesting that long queues for airport border control checks could be solved by “a bit of racism.”
When we were thinking about co-sleeping, it wasn't really with an eye on the benefits of sharing a family bed---it was more because we just could not wrap our heads or hearts around the idea of leaving a baby in a crib. To us, something that small, that helpless, that perfect, that sweet, and that dependent simply required us to be as close as possible for as much time as possible. I mean, all other rationales aside, how to you spend your entire day holding a baby close to you, nurturing, cuddling, allowing her to explore your face with her fingers as she learns how to work her eyes, letting him suck on your nose and fall asleep on your chest, and then just put the baby in another room alone when night comes? That dichotomy seemed too much to bear. It just felt wrong, regardless of whatever logic someone tried to douse it with.
Dies: Spellbinder; Nestabilities
Here we go…!
I’ll continue this line of thought in my next post, but let me end with this interesting statement by the Founder of Christianity – Jesus. If anyone comes to Me and does not hate his father and mother, wife and children, brothers and sisters, yes, and his own life also, he cannot be My disciple. And whoever does not bear his cross and come after Me cannot be My disciple (Luke 14:26-27). Seems that following His commands as a disciple takes priority over every human relationship.
Did you know that there are more than 65 million family caregivers in the country? That’s a lot of people, and many of them are also working in addition to providing care to a family member. That is a tall order for anyone and it certainly deserves some attention.
The filmmakers, director James McTeigue and writers Ben Livingstone and Hannah Shakespeare don’t try to recast Poe’s character as a superhero or give the movie Poe attributes that the real Poe didn’t or couldn’t possess. As mentioned before, the filmmakers stick fairly accurately to the known elements of Poe’s last few days, although there are some artistic liberties taken, and they still present an entertaining movie with a few twists and turns as to who the murderer is.
J: Can we read scriptures every night?
A few weeks ago I suggested to Miss Chef that we take advantage of her spring break (from one of her two jobs) to try to arrange a getaway. Of course, by the time all her other obligations got filtered through, we only had a single day to play with. As always, our thoughts turned westward…to the mountains.
10. Koushik - too much tenderness
If you guessed that the peace signs are from a snowflake you would be correct. Ever since the first time I saw the peace sign snowflake on Winter Lace, I knew I would be making peace signs for Julie as she loves them. So how does a snowflake become a peace sign? Hide contour and then place a circle over the peace sign portions that remain. This is what my mat looked before I cut.
The project also threatens “the last remaining sand dune community of the south coast” and “the sole site in Barbados for the button mangrove”, they said.
Creative Imaginations. I used cardstock, rubberstamp for Happy dad's day, flowers, pearls and gems.
and mimicked the austere lines of war
This hilarious "Gus" set comes complete with three hilarious sentiments - for anyone who has hunters in their lives, this set is PERFECT! :)
Mary, Queen Of Arkansas
Iván Meade - You are extremely well know for your residential spaces in Victoria, but what some may not know is that you have created some of the most beautiful retail spaces in Vancouver as well. When you are designing retail spaces you often have to follow the requirements of the brand, how have you achieved cohesiveness between your style and creativity and the clients needs?
It is a shame that Cameron did not follow their chosen course in the spring, as had he exposed himself as a co-thinker of the drooling reactionaries who make up the " Taxpayers Alliance" he might have done far less well at the polls!
Not to worry they’re other fish in the sea. Jill Stein of the Green Party has a very sane 5-point program. I know she may seem boring as we all love our bad boys but really a psychopath who murders innocent civilians and destroys countries using drone attacks will eventually turn on you. Didn’t you see “Sleeping With the Enemy?” Hello! And there’s also Anderson of the Justice Party. So don’t despair you’ll find somebody new. Maybe not right away but you won’t have to sleep alone forever.
Judge without moral judgment. That is mindfulness. That is what this quote is saying.
“… someone who loves you enough to tell you what you need to hear…”
I love this skirt, even though it is a tad too big. I usually wear something over it, instead of tucked in. Versatile because of the mix of colors. Looks nice with red, grey and even tan.
My grandmother in September apparently confused me with my sister (who could live on Brie and red pepper jelly) and brought me a big pot of homemade red pepper jelly which has been gathering dust at the back of my shelves for the last 8 months, just waiting for this moment.
Nita Rushi
§Mr. BOTTOMLEY Perhaps the right hon. Gentleman will reconsider his answer if I remind him that the 5th of June falls on the Feast of Saint Boniface?
untoward incident. (NAN)
Well, it smelled like “old garbage” — and the level of pungency depended on the weather, at least according to one woman who worked at their Flushing Avenue plant in Williamsburg.
Also my mom gets back from vacation (she's been gone for a month). Can't wait.
Friedman: America has lost the ability
This preliminary Lockbox houses teams that are 1) current conference leaders (tie-breaker to the RPI) or 2) very likely to be in the bracket in two months time based on performance to this point in the season. And, I'm talking about no-brainers here. No Bubble Boys listed on this one.
“That’s a shame.” He quickly replied. He went on to say that doctors needed to find some kind of way to fix blind people. He continued by telling me, his blind aunt, that being blind was such a sad thing to be in this world.
The interview (for FILMINK) came about as a result of Never Sleep Again, a new documentary which provides an exhaustive history of the Elm Street franchise as well as an insight into its enduring appeal. I’d thoroughly recommend it for both fans of the series as well as those with a general interest in horror.
I hate it when people are all “my life sucks, give me all of the things.”
Finally I had a wonderful dinner at one of my favorite restaurants Furin in Delray. A perfect way to top a perfect day!
What if you were unable to access your money and banks were closed?
Yeast: English Dry Ale
Ali and Sugano said they’re dismayed by the lack of transparency about the process.
Profit-driven manufacturing practices and outsourcing have brought about a collapse of the job market. To tell vulnerable people to “go and find work” is a contradiction in itself. It is a serious dereliction of responsibility by politicians who are viewed by many to have contributed to the present crisis.
Jill would have been 41 today. Sometimes I think I should stop counting the years, but Jill and I were the same age, so I can't help but remember. Sometimes I wish her birthday would just escape my notice and go by without a thought, but I couldn't forget it even if I tried - I celebrated it with her every year for most of our lives, and it is permanently engraved on my mental calendar. I don't really want to forget anyway. Jill was a part of almost every memory I have from my childhood, and as we grew up our friendship always grew with us. I remember all of her birthdays, from balloons and princesses when she was 6, to her 35th and last.
47. Wacky Races
So I couldn't sleep, and I found this fabulous Linky Party from Erica! I just coudn't resist, but I wanted to share, in case you wanted to grab them before midnight! :)
This trend to blog less and pin more disturbs me. Blogging is an awesome form of communication. I do not actually "know" the people I blog with regularly but I do know their importance to me. Even those with whom I disagree on key issues, I still want to understand the path to their positions. To quote my Dad, understanding the "why of a thing" is how progress is made.
My legs are weary from this battle, my fight is almost over, I can feel it.
My long time friend from high school has a little girl who is turning one this weekend. I thought I would make her a card, and when I found out I was a GDT for Wags N' Whiskers and saw their cute little image of the birthday dog I could not resist.
180g granulated sugar
Like many a suburbanite,
The end result is gorgeous and will look even better when I get my bathroom wall painted. LOL
I don't know about you but those numbers make my head hurt. We've only looked at two English owned reservoirs in Wales yet they can provide up to 110 billion litres of water for England. Let's try and put those numbers into some perspective without resorting to Olympic sized clichés.
Polychronic cultures, on the other hand, like to multi-task and are generally less stringent when it comes to establishing or following an agenda. In this setting, the concept of time is more fluid, and the pace of life is more relaxed.
How's the routine working for you?﻿
“What will you be wearing today?” Elise asked her daughter.
Here we have a long sought-after LP from Germany. It contains the well-circulated track "Der Staat" and, not surprisingly, a few other gems. Unfortunately this isn't the best rip, but I tweaked it as well as I could... so it'll have to do for now. Other faves from this one would be "Où", "To Je Pravda", "Je Suis Seule", and "Masse Mensch". I've gotta run for now, have a nice Sunday, everyone. Enjoy!
There is an old saying: “When in a hole, stop digging”
I saw my vet today, and he upped my insulin to 5 units twice a day. I figured that would happen.
As the scientists found, when there was a relative quiet in the lab, two groups of people, those who spoke only their native language and those who also spoke a second one, had similar brain responses to sounds. But when the lab was deliberately flooded by sound stimuli and noises, read more
6. Who's Gonna Shoe My Pretty Little Feet
The little rectangular screen flashes at 0.0 lbs. Then another one, two, three flashes as it reads my weight.
I am passing this award to the following blogs:
I have created a new blog to support my new venture as a "designer"...
My experience in first place isn’t first place per se. I learned yesterday that so far out of my colleagues, I’ve earned the most “energy cubes” (points) for the Pierre Lavoie Get Up And Move contest in which our school is participating. But, being somebody who won nothing more than a participation award in these sorts of contests as a kid, I’ll savour this quasi-first place.
“People who are working 12 mos. a yr. for lousy wages with no benefits don’t understand why a teacher makes twice their wage and works 6 mos. and gets full health benefits and after 20 yrs. a nice cozy pension.”
To give you a bit of background and the chance to make up your own mind here’s the story.
Polka Dots Bakery
The most recent reminder was provided yesterday after I made a comment about a film's title (“Occupy Wall St: The Revolution Is Inspiring” by Tim Schwartz), which I find anything but inspiring. I overstepped when I then commented negatively on the film itself, which was unfair and uncalled for, because I've not seen it.
High Court judge S.P.B. Hancke ruled that it was proven beyond any reasonable doubt that gardener Joseph Hlongwane, 22, had tortured to death the elderly, unarmed Helen Lotter and her daughter Alice , 57, on March 6 2009. No explanation was given by the gardener as to why he had displayed such extreme cruelty, carrying out at least three hours of torture. He will be sentenced on Wednesday 9 June 2010.
I don't know if you've caught on by now, but I am EXTREMELY sentimental. It's because I'm a Cancer, I swear it. I am steeped in emotion about the past and memories and dear relationships and life lived. It can become a tidal wave if I'm not careful. I have to remind myself to get back into the present sometimes, or it becomes too big of an ache. A beautiful ache-- NATSUKASHII-- but an ache nonetheless.
Accuracy lies in questioning persons of interest long enough to observe their default behaviors. People who feel anxious usually either freeze or defend themselves, thus displaying behaviors of discomfort. While there are no hard-and-fast rules, the types of behaviors that can signal discomfort, and thus potential deception, include:
CIA/Russian KGB man Oswald did not shoot
Back to the Box. Mai Couture seems like it rings a bell – I don’t remember how prestigious this brand is. I don’t own anything from this brand, though. I received a full-sized 5 mL product, which retails for $28 CAD.
"The next war would take a very heavy toll," one protester said. "Thousands of rockets will explode every day, and there are no gas masks."
And yet they are not three almighties: but one almighty.
I'm Wendy Janson - It's All About Stamping, and I'm the hostess again this week. I have a sketch challenge for you and am calling it the "Haul Out the Holly...It's Time to Decorate!" Challenge. The challenge is to use this very basic sketch, and "decorate" it! You can turn it on it's side or turn it upside-down or leave it like it is and then embellish or "decorate" it as much as you want! Take a look at what our design team has created this week:
Elda Mary Kley (1924-2005), daughter of Lewis and Mary Kley.
d. Your healer is sick
Well, that's the idea anyway...
Two weeks later, Laura feels good as her enemy has not found her. Simon asks her to come help him decorate an estate he just bought. She agrees but is shocked as the estate was owned by her cousin and she and her late dad lived there. She even married here but her husband said they never wed as the parson was a fake. He used her as his sex prisoner. Simon admires Laura’s spirit that was not broken. A storm forces them to spend the night there. Laura and Simon make love. Later Laura learns Westwick was murdered allegedly by his missing courtesan Sabine. Simon plans to find the real killer.
Exercise is wonderful. I love so many forms of exercise: swimming, biking, kickboxing, Pilates, power walks, light weights, etc.
We’ve been married for 15 years so he can say that. I sure hope he can say that, because that’s what I say when we pull into the parking lot of an electronics store and I announce I’m waiting in the car.
Heat a wok over high heat. Add the oil and heat until shimmering. Add the lemongrass, shallot, and chilies and stir-fry until fragrant. Add the chicken and caramel and stir-fry until the chicken is cooked through and the sauce is slightly thickened. Transfer to a bowl and top with the scallion. Serve with steamed white rice.
Deuteronomy 31:6 Be strong and courageous. Do not fear or be in dread of them, for it is the LORD your God who goes with you. He will not leave you or forsake you.”
'Tis a puzzle
Please note that without RapidPro, your inactive files will be deleted according to our Terms of Use. You currently have the following files in your account, which will be deleted within the next days.
STEVE EDWARDS (Breaking Into the Backcountry)
Did I just find the handle from a roman amphora and the rim of a vessel?
me and my friend Wendy!
Lay the halved strawberries on top of the biscuit base.
by accident Angela had put this sentiment right near these dress forms and had a laugh.. I think it is
Even though this is my last article for my professional experience, I hope it will not be my last article forever. I really enjoy writing for Glitterazi, and I get to write on a whole range of topics. Because Glitterazi have such a broad audience I always know that my articles will be read at least by someone.
My little girl has a few things in her room though..
Sierra Nevada Brewing Co. Sierra Nevada Bigfoot Barleywine Style Ale
If ye'll only give me Rum!
With baby boomers retiring and having time for an extended vacation, Vietnam offers both variety and value. A little investigation, determination, and adventurous spirit will land you in a beautiful country where your dollar goes a long way.
As I approached the back pond, there was still now waterfowl or wading birds there, but there were flocks of different species of songbirds feeding in the grass around the pond, more than I can remember having seen there before. There were robins, starlings, grackles, several species of sparrows, several species of finches, and cardinals , just to name a few, all in the grass or brush around the edge of the pond. I also spotted a flicker and began shooting, even though I doubted that what I was getting would be worth posting, and they weren’t, but another flicker landed in a bush closer to e and I was able to get a few good shots of it.
~ I picked up the kids from school the other day and they had decided with some of their friends that they are going to ride their bikes to school from now on. If you know where we live and where their school is, you're already laughing. If not, let me just tell you - it is over six miles from our house and takes fifteen minutes to reach by car. Can you imagine a 6 year old and 9 year old on bikes hiking it across town crossing major highways and the busiest intersection on the tollway at 6 a.m? I tried talking some sense into them, but nothing would do. So, I drove the route with them and showed them that more than 3 miles of it contain no sidewalks. "NOT AN ISSUE, MOM! We can ride our bikes in the grass!" (By grass, they mean pastures.) I asked them about cold weather and rainy weather. They informed me they like it. So, once football season is over, we're running a little experiment with them. We're loading them up on their bikes and then following them in the van to see how far they make it. I'm placing bets on the two mile marker. ;)
I should just get over myself. I'm being far too British in my hestitating and now far too American in my searching for answers. (Stereotyping a go-go.)
She continued: “It will be arena dates at the start of next year and we will have new music to go with it.”
I start by layering all my pieces on the page 1st, and then decided to free stitch some circles at either corner, so I lightly drew these on and then removed all my bits of paper (I only stick them down when I have to and am totally happy with where bits are). I just removed the foot from my sewing machine and then stitched away (it did take me the 1st circle to realise that I didn't need to actually turn the paper around in circles to stitch this way too!). I then inked, stitched and distressed all my bits of paper and started sticking them down. I made some bunting using the lovely chipboard pegs I have been saving, and made some glassine snow flakes. I also added some hand stitching to the hexagons too. I picked up some great arrow paper clips from paper chase...and they worked with my colour scheme (that must have happened subconsciously :D), as well as adding a Tim Holtz ticket tag for my journalling. The alpha is a mix of Amy Tangerines and Echo Park for the record's sticker sheet. My last additions were some flicks of white acrylic and red glimmer mist.
I am feeling pretty sad right now. As you probably know, I’ve been a big fan of etsy for a while. I’ve had a love affair with shopping there, and I was super proud to have a shop of my own. Well, the love affair is over. If you haven’t heard about it, a few days ago etsy decided to promote a shop whose items that obviously weren’t handmade. The featured shop was in clear violation of etsy’s own written terms of use for etsy sellers. In response to public outcry, instead of apologizing, etsy has been deleting comments and closing discussion threads. Their only public statements on the matter have been frustrating non-apologies. So, after some unhappy thinking, I’ve decided to close my etsy shop. I’ll be moving my stuff gradually over to https://www.wepay.com/stores/yellowee-creations. I’m also having a 25% off closing sale in my etsy shop. If you’d like to take advantage of the sale, the coupon code is BBALI, which will be good in my etsy shop as long as I keep it open.
I didn't even know they were missing until
Our new location is just over 1500 square feet and it will allow us to have a bit of a meeting/craft/networking/workshop/unpacking/whatever we want space. Having this extra space is something that I have dreamt about since our first "Decorating Dilemma Workshop".
The Jews in Jerusalem and in the land of Judea send greetings to their kindred, the Jews in Egypt, and wish them true peace!
Orpheus has just one goal: to rescue his brother from the Underworld. He's not expecting a woman to get in the way. Especially not a Siren as gorgeous as Skyla. He has no idea she's an assassin sent by Zeus to seduce, entrap, and ultimately destroy him.
I was lucky. My imagination wasn’t dulled by such things. Perhaps a large group of children do still flourish in the same way. But from what I’ve seen at schools I’ve visited, we’re doing a big disservice to so many.
The regular concept is the fact fellas aren’t as impacted as girls are, by a break up, when it is in simple fact, a great deal to the contrary it really is the fellows who are essentially the most susceptible after a split up. The things they say the same thing has transpired to you, so if you’re striving figure out how to win back ex girlfriend, then here are several hassle-free points which could help you.
Finally the canning season is winding down, when it's apples you know the end is near. I used all of our own apples to make apple butter so off we went to the local orchard to get a bushel of seconds for apple sauce and apple pie filling. Actually I should be making the pie filling and not sitting here typing right now but you know...
AMY GOODMAN: "It was 25 years ago today when a deadly explosion at the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the former Soviet state of Ukraine led to what was then the worst nuclear disaster in history. It sent a cloud of radioactive fallout into Russia, Belarus and over a large portion of Europe. Fifty thousand people living in Chernobyl’s immediate surroundings had to be evacuated. A vast rural region became uninhabitable, and public authorities were forced to put restrictions on the sale and import of food to reduce the risk of radiation-induced cancer deaths among their populations.
I don’t have a big attention span so I’ve never been good at practicing at home. I’m constantly asking people what songs they want to hear, and if they want to hear something I haven’t played before I am quite good at picking it out. I still don’t know the names of many chords yet, though obviously I know the main ones. I still base my knowledge of guitar playing in my inner musical language.
PS. Has anyone else noticed the new, improved password doovers appearing when you try and leave a comment on some Blogger blogs? It says 'Please prove you're not a robot'.....which I obviously must be, because I have been having the devil of a time decoding what some of the stoopid things say. I just tried four times on one blog, finally got it right, but I'll be leaving a lot less comments in future methinks...they're just too hard for me!
Baba O’Riley
A righteous man cares about his animal’s health, but even the merciful acts of the wicked are cruel. (Proverbs 12:10)
The first time I scrubbed in last week, I got very very hot, light headed and almost passed out. My educator and many people assured me this happens.. however I need to eat more and/or drink more water. Ok well…. Can’t drink more because I will have a pee problem. So, the next day when I scrubbed in I ate some cereal and milk right before going into the OR at about 7:15. This worked. Like a charm. The milk cooled my body temp and was just enough volume to keep my blood pressure up. Ok well this is great. Fortunately I did NOT pass out and felt fantastic… but I had then eaten a little over 500 calories by 7:15am!!!!!! I hadn’t eaten this much in my previous life two months ago by 2:30pm!!! Then I get to lunch and am ravenous and eat somewhere between 500-600 calories.. sometimes less, a lot of times more. Then I am off at 3:30 and am ravenous when I get out to my car. I was getting home around 4:30 and just tearing through my kitchen. I realized I needed to have SOMETHING in my car as a tiny hold me over snack so I could think straight upon getting home and not down 800 calories without thinking. 90 calorie rice crispy treats have done the trick in the last week, although I’d love a healthier alternative. I should stick to an apple or something like that. Getting home and only having about 300 calories left before breaking the 1600 calorie marker has not been good. I have not been able to keep my total caloric intake below 1800-1900 calories. I am bloated. The last time I got on the scale i was back up to 149, and I’m too scared to get back on it.
I know you'll find another slave
‘You must be born from above.’
I got some new Authentique papers a couple of weeks back but haven't had
“Let’s go.”
release the epinephrine
Kim Logan My artistic style I would say is ‘eclectic vintage’ using layers. Its always hard to describe ones own work, I’m not actually convinced I have a right to call myself an ‘artist’, I do agonise over that one..!!..I ‘play’ with art and collage and sometimes I like what I have done, but really by profession I am a graphic designer and derive my income from that, so can truthfully call myself a ‘graphic designer’, just not sure on ‘artist’. Maybe once I sell something I have done under the ‘collage artist’ heading I can say I am an artist..!!
Because of their subversive nature, these schools have been outlawed in Russia and Uzbekistan.
All fanatics, as a rule, when the spirit of lies has taken possession of them and led them away from the true faith, have been unable to stop there, but have followed the lie with murder and taken up the sword, as a sign that they were children of the father of all lies and murder. Thus we read how the Arians became murderers and one of the greatest bishops of Alexandria, Lucius by name, drove the orthodox out of the city, and went into the ship and held a naked sword in his own hand until the orthodox were all on board and had to go away; and these tender, holy bishops committed many other murders even at that time, which is almost twelve hundred years ago. Again, in the time of St. Augustine, which is almost eleven hundred years ago, the holy father shows, in his books, how many murders were committed by the Donatists. In such an utterly worldly way did the clergy conduct themselves! They had only the name and guise of bishops among the Christians; but because they had fallen away from the truth and become subject to the spirit of lies, they had to go forward in his service and become wolves and murderers. Even in our own times, what was Muenzer seeking, except to become a new Turkish emperor? He was possessed of the spirit of lies and therefore there was no holding him back; he had to go at the other work of the devil, take the sword and murder and rob, as the spirit of murder drove him, and he created such a rebellion and such misery.
We love to sing songs like the bitsy spider and head shoulders knees and toes. You think I'm really funny when I sing for you. I guess there's one plus to me performing for thousands of children these past eight years.
Mix all ingredients in a medium bowl. Let sit for 20 minutes before serving.
And here's where you fall in the soup: He can't seem to remember--the he is Abe, and we're in his head. Then the next sentence: Convinced that he's suffering, we move to the head of his friends. This is jarring. It's a HUGE RED FLAG for writing that won't be quite good enough for publication.
This song featured last night in a dream. I remember thinking, "oh, I recognize this - it's unusual for this store to be playing it". At least, I think it was a dream - it may well have happened yesterday. Life has been a little blurry lately...
And Lord, please keep my heart so tender that it does not take a bolt of lightning to get my attention.”
Never again is the catalyst for change. When someone makes that kind of declaration, then it is absolute that whatever it is will never be tolerated again. No one can talk you out of it. It is not up for discussion. The bridge behind you is ablaze so there is no going back.
I have discovered that I have different stat priority preferences based on the type of healing I am doing.
Etta James was a special lady who provided a lot of special moments through her music. May she rest in peace.
Bastrop – Prison and military vehicle motor pool.
Did the writer, Jason Horowitz actually ever attend high school as a normal American male? I did, and the part about teasing about 'presumed homosexuality' is an absolute hoot. Guess what, Jason? Teenage boys routinely tease each other about such matters, no matter how macho they appear. The bit with the scissors is a little over the top,maybe would even classify as borderline assault in these politically correct days when metal detectors adorn our public schools. But things went on in my high school that were much worse. I mean, has Horowitz ever actually been in a high school locker room and seen the towels snap, or witnessed a group of testosterone crazed males play tackle in gym class or in the park after school when they were supposed to be playing flag or touch, ? Has he ever seen a couple of high school kids meet someplace quiet after school and settle their differences mano a mano? Even today,it still happens all the time,and certainly back in 1965.
I think it would make an interesting spoof to do a movie set in the 1800's and apply modern day laws and conditions. I would love to see Tom Selleck do a movie where he would play a rancher. I could see him building a new home on his property and the code enforcement people would show up with the health department and try and stop him because he did not get a clearing permit or building permit or septic tank permit or pay his down stream pollution charges, or electric permit or plumbing permit or get his plans approved through the neighborhood development commission.
One by one, he would nab them and demand to know who they were.
The hood came off; I was sat in what appeared to be the cellar of a pub. I heard the rumble of tatty bearded old men walk above and discussions regarding the true origin of IPA and an argument about sparklers. The smell of pongy ale was overpowering. They gave me a pint of dark pongy liquid they referred to as “bitter” alongside a bag of something called “pork scratchings” which appeared to be little more than salted cooked fat. “Get that down you, lager lout” they taunted.
inferences
The children, restless and distracted in their school work, wiggle in their seats, eyes shining as they gaze out the window.
Grace looked beautiful.
DILLE JH. A worksite influenza immunization program. Impact on lost work days, health care utilization, and health care spending. AAOHN J 1999; 47: 301-309.
And there's a sample available you can read of OPEN MINDS on her site, too. Have a peek, but beware. You might get jacked!
I’ve already mentioned that I haven’t been tearing through the holiday beers as much as I did last year. Could be a number of reasons: (1) we’re more broke this year and I know that some of these holiday offerings will be on the sale rack in a couple weeks (2) I’ve had a houseful of women kinfolk this past week and consequently, I’ve been drinking less in an effort to keep my wits about me. (Men are generally less intelligent than wimmin and it only gets worse when the ladies congregate and a fellow gets a belly full of barley pop – I tend to say the dumbest things about six bottles into the evening!) (3) perhaps I’ve settled on a few seasonals that I know I’ll like and have wisely decided to pick only a couple of rare birds for sampling.
Saying goodbye to old dreams hurts a little…like growing pains you have as a kid. Your legs hurt everyday for a while and then all of a sudden they don’t hurt anymore and you’re the tallest kid in class.
Downstairs near the cafeteria my job has a series of squares with dry erase markers for employees to express themselves. Right now, the boards are covered with chest-puffing remarks about certain teams and players, as well as some of those writings being marked through by those who don’t support the message.
Thanks for stopping by, Nuala. Lots of good luck with this wonderful collection.
So what’s the beer actually like? Well it comes in the standard Brewdog 330ml bottle and is 4.7% by alcohol. It purports to be a “spiced Stout”; whatever that is. More of a Brown Ale in colour rather than a regulation Stout, it was lively and was topped with a large tan head.
And fast enough it became clear that the two different packs of beans were giving soaking water of very different colors, despite the beans themselves looking very similar. The Turtle beans’ water was definitely looking more purple while the Thailand Black beans water was a relatively orangey brown.
We got up at 10 this morning and the only thing I could think of was breakfast tacos and a big ol' coke. That patently NOT being a possibility here (God I'd KILL for some Jimmy Dean sausage) I made a breakfast casserole from a recipe by Rich's sister that encompasses the majority of the hangover foods I need: eggs, cheese, bacon and something starchy (croutons, in this case). Throw them all in a large casserole dish and bake for an hour, and serve with ketchup (yes, I am a ketchup on the eggs kinda gal) and it's almost like being home. We even had some Coke leftover from last night. I think of it as the Cholesterol Casserole with a sugar and caffeine chaser.
The Chinese Military Defense is mobilizing their vast units of cloned female soldiers to send into Japan should further earthquakes leave Japan’s borders defenseless. The plan, we have learned, is for the Chinese government to take over all financial institutions within Japan and control all Yakuza territories in drugs, sex traffic, and political corruption, working with the Cabal to force Japan to succumb to the Federal Reserve Bank’s fiat money and Rockefeller/Rothschild rule.
Please remember that these readings are for fun and entertainment purposes only and should not be taken at all seriously because I am not psychic and cannot foresee the future. It is also worth noting that your home is at risk if you do not keep up repayments on a mortgage or other loan secured on it.
Round sentiment LOTV.
No, wait, I take that back. I understand a lot of the bad reviews on Amazon, because that's a site where people go to think about directly and immediately purchasing a book. And reveiws on Amazon may affect whether or not one buys a book. I read those customer reveiws. And if there are a lot of bad reviews, I won't buy the book. Because, whether this is accurate or not, I think of Amazon reviewers as people like me: people who love books and love to read and don't want to spend their hard earned cash on a bad book, and when they do, they want to make sure others don't make the same mistake.
Eerie, very visual piece which carries you to some vivid yet surreal places. More about atmosphere than action, this takes you on a strange, dreamlike journey and leaves some horribly uncanny imagery festering in the brain.
I really need to get my tomato plants started NOW, so the fruits will be out about the time it really starts heating up in April or May. I love fresh tomatoes. Did I mention how much I love tomatoes before? Yes. Ok. I love fried green tomatoes too and I couldn't find any green tomatoes at the store last year.
01 (What's the Story) Morning Glory
Before posting anything new, I thought I'd "renovate" to the best of my ability three entries that I knew stood some improvement in terms of audio quality. First up was the Pedaljets 1986 demo tape I shared last August. The pitch sounded slightly off, so I took care of that. In addition, tracks four and five were a little warbled, but when I ran the cassette through my trusty deck again the playback was perfect. Two birds with one stone.
Laki Vingas, the representative of non-Muslim foundations at the VGM, told the Radikal daily on Thursday that the decision is a sign that the minority property law passed in September is being acted upon by the government. This week, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the US Congress that she was encouraged by the “concrete steps … Turkey has taken over the past year to return properties to religious communities.” Turkey’s mostly Muslim population of nearly 75 million includes roughly 65,000 Armenian Orthodox Christians, 20,000 Jews, 15,000 Assyrians and about 3,500 Greek Orthodox Christians.
When in Sparta, walk around naked and have sex with little boys. Woof!
Good Times Bad Times
Learning Resources announces the sponsorship of a teacher grant hosted by WeAreTeachers. To apply, teachers must answer this question: “How would you use portable interactive technology to create collaborative lessons?” After the application process concludes, educators can invite colleagues to vote for their favorite lesson ideas. Each of the three top vote getters will win a set of three now!Boards and three GeoSafari Tuff Cams, a prize package valued at $2,000. Additionally, two merit-based winners selected by a panel of teachers will each win one now!Board and one GeoSafari Tuff Cam, a total value of $700. Teachers can apply for the
I am afraid to take another foster placement because I am sick. That also devastates me.
Other books that I have read on the topic and would recommend include:
2. Apple-picking is coming up next.
The confusion began in June, when 49-year-old Michael O'Neill, from Middlesbrough, England, made a last-minute decision to head Down Under without telling a soul.
Dec 28th – was told we were needed outside to treat someone that had a bike accident in front of the house. We got cotton, cleanser and ointment and rushed out there thinking he/she was a child. We found a grown man (my age) with serious wounds. We took him to the clinic in Bombo where they gave him stitches, a shot and tabs. We found it raining when we left so George got in the middle and let me drive home. You should have seen the guy's face when he realized I was driving!!! HILARIOUS!!! I imagined him thinking, "I thought this girl was trying to help me. She's trying to kill me!!!" We took the "bumpy way home" and George finally got out and got in the back. I kinda went a little fast to make him pay for all the times he puts people in the back and forgets about them as he goes fast. It bothers me a little that George said the people think I'm a little crazy for taking him to the clinic when they've seen worse wounds than that. The man needed stitches. There's nothing "crazy" about that. I'm pretty sure Jesus would have done the same thing. Do YOU think He would have turned someone away because his wounds weren't the worst the people around him had seen?
When she gets there she knows, if the stores are all closed
After all, you are home to giant sandwiches with french fries in them (primanti brothers).
The puzzle was a fun and interactive way to ask a friend. For Darryl's sister, who has a bit of a sweet tooth, asking her with some old school candy seemed fitting...
Among all the participating at the Challenge, someone will be drawn with the random system to win this sweet La-La Land Crafts "Sweet Dreams Marci".
To be honest, I had an amazing summer, but I am so excited to be back at school. It's nice to be in the classroom with my students, to see those wide eyes as I explain some new grammar rule or the spelling of 'ancient'. Yes the noise of the summer breeze blowing while reading in my hammock is nice, but so is the noise of laughter from school children right outside your door.
Illustration/Argumentation: I don’t think there is an illustration in the world that can accurately paint what God did for Israel. Such constant rebellion against God, offending him worse than adultery offends us. Yet God kept coming back and showing his love for Israel and always forgiving whenever forgiveness was requested. And that is a love that we might never really understand as long as we live on this Earth.
Each resource book specially covers the ‘solving problems’ objectives from the numeracy framework and contains clear photocopiable resources which can be viewed by the whole class or used by individuals. The length of the problems are varied with short, medium and more extended problems for children to solve.
For the fish: Heat up olive oil in a small skillet, and cook the pompano 10-15 minutes per side. Stir in the garlic during the last 5-10 minutes of cooking.
The good news was that with all that work I did over the week, I had the weekend to myself. So yesterday I spent most of the day cleaning the house top to bottom. Everything from mopping every floor of the house to changing the sheets on the bed, dusting the entire house, and cleaning both bathrooms. Plus laundry. I was tired when I was through, but that great kind of tired that comes from a job well done. Plus, I had a sparkling clean house to wake up to this morning.
I’m going to chat to Trish and Teresa very soon about how they see their collection fitting in with the wardrobe of a “lady of a certain age” (ie: me and the forty plus set). Watch this space. They are super stylish women so will have some good things to say. I have my eye on a beautiful large scarf in a rope print, the aforementioned leather skirt, a black cape/dress (really versatile, can be buttoned up and belted as a fab mid-calf dress, or worn long with shorts or jeans), and a pretty and light white cotton shirt. I’ve always wanted a leather skirt, and forty seems like a good time to invest.
Spiced Apple Chips
I like to think of this as the mid-life crisis Doctor. Half way through his regenerations hes saved the world enough times and defeated the Daleks and Cybermen enough times to become a bit cocky. This Doctor also didnt seem to care what others thought of him. This was also the first Doctor I was really exposed to and I must admit at the time I thought the plaid jacket was cool.
8/12 Highland Park, IL- Ravinia Festival
“It means ‘little shit’ in Spanish, I guess they’re talking about you,” Steve answers before doubling over in laughter. All of my conscious thinking grinds to a complete stop, and I start to feel the world start to spin around my head. As I stop to consider the utter gall of these illegal inhabits of my great country, I realize that this hadn’t actually happened, which provides some comfort and confidence as I prepare my response to such disrespect.
Do you talk about your favorite things even if they might be different than the favorite things the person you are talking to would have? Or do you never talk about your favorite things because it might offend the person if their favorite things are different?
On Sunday, I had the opportunity to participate in a Wisconsin tradition for young and old alike: the Winnebago County June Dairy Days. The event took place at Rosendale Dairy, Wisconsin’s largest dairy farm, whose 8000+ cows produce 78,000 gallons of milk daily. I spoke about the importance of the dairy industry to Wisconsin, and highlighed dairy’s economic impacy, which I wrote about in this blog earlier in the month.
This horrific operation still exists today and all this suffering is for something so superficial; fashion. China supplies the U.S. and Europe with half of their fur products. The fur that comes from cats and dogs is deliberately mislabeled, it is up to us to be more aware of where our products come from.
It’s been a while.
A3 B.M.T. 3:37
Well here is the twist. A blow that equals or beats the 'to wound' score does not just tally up a hit like other systems. No. A wound blow will instantly kill a model unless you decided to take a Dreadskull from your pile and use it as a wound marker on that model instead. Depending on your strategy, that means a wounding blow may just kill a big thing outright without having to hack away at it for hours!
On 14 May 1992, We resolved to give due course to the petition and required the parties to submit their respective Memoranda after the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) filed a Comment in behalf of the respondents and the petitioners filed a reply thereto.
What the hell is all of this plot doing in my Dwayne Johnson movie? Get with the program, folks – people don’t drag themselves out of the house on a chilly Thanksgiving day to watch a couple of guys wrestle with existential crises. They do it so that they can see the Rock blow a whole bunch of holes in a whole bunch of people. Thankfully, Faster isn’t entirely devoid of this type of action, and, as usual, Johnson is perfectly happy to play ball.
While the digis will remain on the site, we are clearancing out all of our rubber stamps. You can read THIS POST for more information. Orders are being shipped on a first come first serve basis and no new rubber will be ordered.
Sound in the hall during the concert: excellent
David Hewlett, snark at something.
Official estimates placed the death count at ten whites and twenty-six Blacks, however, later reports place the total at more than three hundred dead, with property damage in the millions.
I would like to enter my chair in to the following challenges,
The making of an icon, Chrysography, means “writing in gold,” and these works, meant as mediators between humans and God, imprint the guilded light of piety and age on your heart. Lovingly crafted and full of the force of tradition and meditation, icons remain the ultimate dream of art. Although that dream is impossible to find these days, great power comes from staring into the eyes of those that dreamt it.
don't you just love a new year? a fresh start? jake and i sat down and thought about what we want to see happen for us in 2011. good stuff ahead!!
‘Although I appeared to possess a good average intelligence,’ he acknowledged. ‘I was extremely deficient in mathematical calculation… Actually I was capable of quite complicated methods of computation to prove my sums. But the answers were fantastically wrong… I have seen mathematical teachers reduced to a sort of awe by my imbecility.’
“The council has been looking for a suitable property to offer Ms Parma and begun adapting her new flat. This is a temporary property until Ms Parma chooses her new home when a suitable one becomes available.
“Well?” I demanded. My fragile world had just vaporized before my eyes and it was far too soon to see what might be left. If anything. The only future visible looked like a rapidly expanding black hole.
In my opinion God has only ever had one chosen people described as the Elect; the Remnant; the Israel of God.
Fridays - Challenge closes - approx 6.00pm Australian Time
Well, I guess I was pretty naive because I must have been in High School before I figured out that they were actually the same person. And Sam did a pretty good show holding a job during the day only to drink his problems away at the bars on Church Avenue, and then from his pocket before he got home. But truth is from that day on we only saw his brother Irving walking up and down the block. And he never cursed, always wished my Mom a good day, and only walked with his cane touching the sidewalk.
Panacea Biotec Limited 25
2 tsp butter
But no matter how relaxing that is, it’s still a job to do revisions! (Revisions themselves aren’t the bad part, the bad part is when you over-do your editing and destroy your scene. How do I know? Just trust me, I know.)
Oh, things ain’t what they used to be.
Modeling behavior for my son is one of the most important ‘jobs’ that as a father I have. It is not only in the way that I treat others, care for myself and my environment, but how I interact with him.
A "match-up" is a listing of a great sale item along with where to find a matching coupon (either with a link to a printable coupon or it will tell you the date that the coupon was in the Sunday paper...this is why you don't clip your coupons each Sunday.)
… A TSUNAMI WARNING IS IN EFFECT …
“I know you’re comfortable Jemima but I am going to need my belt.”
The legendary 2xCD of the legendary shoegaze masterpiece Loveless came out today and has also been available elsewhere for a few days.
So what is means is we should expect to travel in about 3 months!
or after hours and hours
Mawlana Hazar Imam addresses those gathered for the Kenya Jamati Institutional Dinner. Photo: Courtesy of the Ismaili Council for Kenya
The System Office expressed concerns, implying that it had not been party to the plan and urging Santa Monica to delay implementation.
After making my checklist, and grabbing the suitcase, I realized with didn't have a bag label! Uh oh spaghettio-oh's! But not to fear, making one is as easy as pie, so that's just what I did!
We only worked for about 15 minutes. I didn't want to push the issue and wanted her to feel rewarded for her performance. She was SO much better today!
Thanks for stopping,
13F RUSSIAN IMPERIAL STOUT
Crimp third side of packets to seal.
You would never guess they were being tortured, Would you?
So, sorry this post doesn't have a picture of Kendall smiling, holding hands, and singing songs with other kids her age. I don't have one. I'm giving up on the week at Vacation Bible School after the first day. I'm quitting. It sucked.
Indeed, he has said he would permit his child to die even if this enabled only two other children to live.
“While some junior partners made as little as $300,000 a year, other partners were pulling down $6 million or $7 million, according to former and current partners.”
I also believe we must be more responsible regarding the overpopulation of the earth. We are already seeing problems arise from fights over resources like water and not just in China and India, but here in the U.S. as well. After two children, ALL individuals should be required to undergo mandatory sterilization. The choice of two children replaces the two parents and results in, at best, no population growth. This world is overpopulated already. If a couple wants more children and can afford them and pass the criteria for legal adoption, let them adopt. With all the children in foster homes and orphanages that have no parents and need them, this should be a “non-brainer.”
This paper argues that there is a need to remember that these ‘other places’ of retail matter not just as targets for regeneration projects or ‘historicised pre-war seedy arteries’ from the past but as functioning local places. Tertiarisation of secondary retail locations should be interpreted in terms of the way that it reinforces local high streets and town centres. People express multiple identities in their choice of type and location of shopping and local centres remain important, probably even more so for communities with lower spending power and more limited mobility.
I'm not going to change my style or try to coerce my kids into praying out loud every night. But I am going to cherish the times they want to share that conversation with me.
Start a blog and follow people with similar world views.
John 21:15-16
AND THE FINAL BATTLE IS COMING - WHETHER WE LIKE IT OR WANT IT TO, OR NOT.
The State of South Carolina has had more than its fair share of outstanding college baseball coaches over the years, but Chal Port was arguably better than any of them, given his resources. I say that as someone who has a great deal of respect for the wonderful job Ray Tanner has done at South Carolina (not to mention Wilhelm, Bobby Richardson, etc.).
Tomorrow we are having Baked Spaghetti Squash with Beef and Veggies. If you have never tried a spaghetti squash, you really should. Don't be afraid. A lot of people like to use it instead of pasta. It doesn't really taste like pasta but when cooked it's in strands, just like spaghetti noodles. I think it's really delicious. I don't plan to serve anything on the side. It looks like a complete meal to me!
½ cup nonhydrogenated shortening
The full hearing of our legal case is likely to take place some months hence. In the meantime we are willing to engage with any proposal to secure the future for our company and its 400 employees.
Probably not. What's driving the craft market today is, increasingly, what's always driven the beer market: volume. Blue Moon is over 3 million barrels (and apparently accelerating), and whether we (or the Brewers Association) call Blue Moon a craft beer or not is pretty much immaterial: that's how the people who are selling it and drinking it think of it, and that's how the people who sell it...sell it. Likewise, when Samuel Adams seasonals come out, and when the major regional brewers' seasonals come out, that's the bulge that moves the snake.
While we're fascinated with that here, Kiwis in the last several weeks have been digging Twinings' latest creation, New Zealand Breakfast Tea. The new blend is the result of a contest in which New Zealanders were asked to create a blend that represented their taste. A fellow named Andrew Fenemor won, and his suggestion was fine-tuned by Twinings for this new offering. Doesn't appear, though, that it's made of tea grown in New Zealand.
So we went to Paris. (To be continued......)
Savage is the founder of the “It Gets Better” anti-bullying program. He’s been a guest at the White House, and President Obama even recorded a video segment for the anti-bullying campaign.
to play babies, to play princess castle, to play dress-up.
so strong is his love to those who fear him.
Anyhow, I bought two containers at the store today! I ate half of one and then I took some vanilla yogurt and dipped my strawberries into the yogurt and they are currently sitting in my freezer waiting for me to wake up!….hello awesome frozen breakfast lol I cannot wait for those!! They are going to be so yummy, yummy, yummy!!! And it’s going to be hot all week, upper 70′s to 80′s all week! Yikes! I’m gonna freeze everything! Including my bra haha
He said, "Larissa, respect isn't something that is earned. It either is or it isn't." (meaning it is either there and exists or it doesn't) That one flew right over my head at the time. Believe me, I thought about his words. I allowed his words to fully sink in - but I still didn't quite understand it. It took me awhile to realize that what he was saying was absolutely true in every way. There was absolutely nothing that Rich could do to earn my respect. His position in our family - alone - was worthy of my respect. Putting aside all else, the fact that God gave him the role of leader in our family was worthy of my respect.
Rahr & Sons Brewing is currently developing a line of seasonal beers to be branded and sold under a Central Market label and available through their stores state-wide. The current plans are for four rotating beers per year, one per quarter, most likely focusing on popular seasonal styles. The specific styles have not yet been decided.
Please don't be jealous of my awesomeness. Jealousy will ruin you. And that would bum me out.
I hope everyone is doing great! I have been visiting around blog land to see what ideas I can borrow from others. There are some really creative people out there in blogland.
As use of traditional Chinese medicine has increased steadily in the West, many allopathic physicians have needed to understand the intricacies of the practice and to know how to deal with adverse reactions to herbal remedies.
Mythmere Games
For the past twenty-one years I have worked my butt off. It’s true. The past three have been no exception, in fact they have simply provided occasion for more exertion. I have compiled a resume and transcript that illustrate my knowledge, passion, and experience. Countless hours have been devoted to honing those skills deemed absolutely necessary to succeed in the modern information driven world. I can “communicate effectively” and utilize technology. The proper steps have been followed to gain the precious real world experience that everyone says looks so great on a resume. I prefer to think of all those hours and experiences as helping build me and prepare me for future challenges. I care more about the experiences I gained and the tangible skills learned rather than the name that appears on some piece of paper. The name may get me through the door, but the skills will keep me there.
2.) The Who – Quadrophenia / 1973
Join in the fun and excitement, the chance to win, the opportunity to share your work and to get to know each other. We welcome all!! I would love a comment or two (*smile*) and thank you for dropping in!!
Thomas, Kayden, Horstemeyer & Risley, L.L.P.
I should cry I should scream and get down on my knees
The villagers claim that apart from their native customary rights, there was never a forest reserve established when they started farming in the area 20 years ago.
Related to yesterday's post, Lava lead singer and writer THOBAY K gives us the lowdown on what's what...
The lemons were duly halved, pips removed and whizzed to a sharp pulp....carefully stirred it into the rest of the ingredients and then tipped artfully into my well-prepared cake tin.
(I couldn't find any photos of us when we had the skillet bread....but you can see the Monkey Bread (aka Pluck Cake aka Pull Aparts) that I had made when they were home.
Our DNA equally has a starting point from birth of vibrational output. When we (or as small children, our parents) start placing fear in our lives, our DNA vibration slows down. We get sick, mentnally, physically or both. I was blessed with both by the time I reached adulthood!
And Mr Alexander told The Independent that the Lib Dems would pledge to further raise the allowance to £12,000 in their next election manifesto, meaning that no one working full-time on the minimum wage would pay tax.
* Enlarged Prostates – 19,249
* ½ teaspoon baking soda
But it's a story that I think all new writers should contemplate long and hard before deciding to self-publish.
I will be attending this event tonight to present my finished project and to support the next round of micro-grant applicants. This is a wonderful program for artists. I know first hand how a small grant can help a project become more successful.
the pond still
Roti
Place bowl onto mix and beat with whisk attachment on medium-high until fully cooled. Cut butter into pieces. While mixer is running, add butter piece by piece, mixing well after each addition. Continuing mixing until all butter is added and fully combined. Take off whisk attachment, add vanilla extract and food coloring. Beat with paddle attachment for 2-3 minutes.
But wait - I also have to say, "Ohmigod, where did Ellen Page come from?" She is amazing. She's beautiful. She's astonishingly talented. And she'll be 20 in a month, despite my having just proclaimed to Frank that she couldn't be more than Juno's 16.
There was little mistake in the George Washington activity. THANKS Rachel for the heads up!
“We always wondered,” said Watts, “who was funding (a) “hate campaign against a local television meteorologist” they deemed a “denier” of the global warming hoax.” Typically, Forecast the Facts attributed perfectly natural weather events, tornadoes, to global warming or climate change. They claimed that the states affected were “dominated by anti-government, anti-science ideologues.”
The good is that publishing and distribution are no longer in the iron grip of a small coterie with pretty much the power of professional life or death.
True Blue by Ikea is a limited collection inspired by India. The color blue is the key element and the collection is not only inspired by India but also produced in India.
3. Preheat oven to 415 degrees F (215 degrees C).
Yeah, that.
She started her career in 2001 from Hindi movie “Rehna Hai Tere Dil Mein”. She appeared in about 25 movies which were enough to m
Sometimes, I need to remember: The primary facts shaping my existence, beginning with how I got here, aren’t up to me.
One of my favourite parts was...I can't say because its the end event which made me need a tissue. I'll opt for the one when Crow takes her sewing machine on holiday, and Nonie remarks it is Crow's version of a teddy bear.
Sealed with a kiss... literally. Look at these adorable notebooks from Lulu Guinness... don't you want one? It's hard to resist cute stationery! I used to collect paper when I was younger! In fact, I had one box filled with cute notebooks, another stuffed with stickers, and yet another for my favourite pens and pencils.
I've loved the characters of Amy and Georgette since the first book in the series, so maybe I was hoping for more in "their story" (Amy gets to be the lead, while Georgette has a small supporting love story). However, I do still love Amy and how she grows out of her awkward wallflower role into a Regency fashionista.
When I return to the office I will hopefully have a few job prospects in the pipeline. It won’t take long for me to secure one and I’ll then have only a month’s notice period to work out.
de mi vida actual... *("de mi olvido actual" in Biagi's version)
Thank you very much, Jaroslava!
Fourth, LinkedIn makes it convenient to stay in touch and informed about the members of your network. It isn’t true that you will always know a contact’s e-mail or phone number. Each time a business person changes positions or moves around, their phone number and e-mail address can change. If they regularly update their profile, you will always have the latest contact information.
What is being done with all those shark fins? They usually end up in soup. Shark fin soup is a famous Chinese soup, with a history extending back centuries to at least the Ming Dynasty, if not older. Originally, it was a rarity, prized by Emperors and the very wealthy because it was very expensive and required extensive preparation. Though it has expanded beyond that elite, it generally still is seen as a luxury item, a requisite for special occasions such as weddings and grand banquets. It is considered a symbol of wealth, honor, prestige and power. Interestingly, shark fins are basically tasteless and they are embraced more for their texture.
Gert here. This is pure HO/JW…I’m copy-catting here….You’re boring. Repetitive
1. A tripod is mandatory! Seriously, if you don’t have one of these, get one, pronto. Truly stunning fireworks shots require 2-4 second exposures; it’s not humanly possible to hold a camera perfectly still for that length of time. Which leads to …
In Nature’s green Cathedral I found a mighty rock’s knee
I’ve tried both approaches. I am beginning to like being dead honest more then lying.
So we headed up the AUT 15 with me in a somewhat foul mood, but the beautiful day soon got me over it. Things are pretty flat in this part of Quebec, which only makes the rearing backdrop of the Mont Royal all the more striking. My GPS was practically useless in Canada, so I'd fired up the laptop with Streets & Trips, and Jack was balancing it on his knee as we tried to figure out where to go.
*”You know, there are some parts of town where we can run into people I worked with.”
Probably the most interesting news to date surrounding the new release is that Kubuntu has a new sugar daddy. They’re no longer being funded by Canonical, so that Canonical can focus all of its resources on the sinking ship that is Ubuntu. They are now sponsored by the extraordinarily mysterious Blue Systems. Nobody seems to know anything about this company and their website just has a list of the open source projects they sponsor. (it’s probably a Microsoft front company ) Whoever they are, they seem to sponsor only KDE and KDE distributions, but that’s fine with me because I love KDE. So, as long as they keep the money rolling in, I’m happy with them.
In addition to the normal duties of the spring, I have been fighting voice problems. As a music teacher, it is extremely frustrating! I have been having the problem since Christmas Eve that every time I sing, I go hoarse and have a "gravel" voice. It makes it very difficult to teach. I've finally gotten a diagnosis (yes, after over 3 months!). There isn't anything wrong with my vocal cords, but they think I did damage on Christmas Eve, leading to a compensation that is now stuck. I will be starting vocal therapy at the end of this month.
The subtitle gives the story away, but given the funny cartoons it was curiosity of how it is narrated that make a reader like me pick the book and read.
In the last few days an event occurred which will remind many of the whisperings of Uhuru. As reported on My South Africa Sucks, the Johannesburg based political party the Pan Africanist Congress of Azania (PAC) has come under fire after messages urging the killing of whites were posted on its Facebook site. (Read the story by clicking here)
I stamped and cut out the tea cups then glazed them with crystal effects. The sentiment was selectively inked with coordinating markers then punched out with an oval punch. I added some faux stitching with a black marker around the sentiment, image panel and dsp background layer. The three patterned panels are from a new dsp pack in the Summer mini called Attic Boutique.
"He didn't deserve that," she said.
3. The people sitting at the table next to you share with you that they've already been to "the light show" four times (it costs $25 each time!)
The field is open to almost anyone with a grievance to deliver their two cents' worth, even touching unrelated issues such as Page Three.
back and back
Chocolate brown is timeless.
It is Bonfire Night tonight and after watching a firework display we will be enjoying our usual bonfire with hot dogs, red wine and lots of other goodies in the back garden.
What would you do for yourself today?
A newly revamped Experience line up that includes Dave Grohl on drums and John Paul Jones on bass headlines both Lollapalooza and The Horde Festival in back-to-back years. Jimi is declared by Spin magazine as the comeback musician of the year, with Neil Young coming in a close second. They record an album together under the name Secret Agent Man which includes a cover of The Ramones “Blitzkrieg Bop.” The album is a huge success on the alt rock charts, where is reaches #3. Many fans and critics are pleased that Jimi has moved back into the hard rock and guitar-based music that made him famous.
What is your favorite thing to eat for breakfast?
age: 1-3
Seal, label, and freeze (actually, I find it works better to label the bags before filling)
We learn from history. We can make informed decisions from knowing a little bit about history. In my humble opinion, there is no lesson to be learned from John Adams signing to law the Act for Relief of the Sick and Disable Seamen other than the birth of American politics was now a pink, screaming, needy baby. We need to be careful what we purchase when buying our beliefs. There is a reason why Hollywood is a money-maker. We are inherently a romantic population that likes to believe in fairy-tales. We have romanticized our forefathers to the point we now believe and reference them as one collective mind and forget the individuals who make the whole. In a world where make-belief and reality are intertwined by money-hungry sharks, we need to protect ourselves against falling victim to the fairy-tales told. We need to come together and take care of each other without waiting for the government to tell us it is okay and not against the law to perform such acts of kindness. I, as a nurse, promise to live by these words: ”Take Care of Him and I Will Repay Thee”
Appearance & Size
Oh, my God, this song.
Rings out an angel sound
Using this data, giving the President the consistent 10 states, the “Fantasy” Map (versus the ABC Official Fantasy Map (ABS Does Not sure the Word Fantasy, but given the fact that the news organization has about as much chance as accurately predicting the outcome of the 2012 general as, well, a blogger using Gallup approval rankings in 10 states) - the map looks a bit more like:
Unless, it's Dooce that is writing GOMI....or maybe it's the husband.
at first he asked me about my job, which i answered patiently.
Women's duels were not as rare as you might think. One fought in Hyde Park, London, became known as "The Petticoat Duel", first they shot at each other with pistols, then fell-to with swords because of a heinous insult. -One had dared to question the veracity of the stated age of the other.
Erisman acquired a five and one half year old rye whiskey from Buffalo Trace (that is slightly younger than the standard Sazerac Rye aka Baby Saz)and aged the rye in botrytized dessert wine (i.e. Sauternes style) casks from Napa Valley's Dolce Winery for close to three months. The entire, fascinating story of the bottling, including how the whiskey evolved in the barrel, can be found on the Party Source website. The whiskey that resulted, as described in the notes below, has an interplay of sweet and spice that is unusual in rye. Erisman told me that this "sweet-spicy thing" along with the combination of sweetness in a typically dry whiskey, is what he was looking for when he dreamed up this experiment.
Since we are a CAS challenge, I couldn't go overboard using a lot
Amounts per salad:
. . . Clearly, merely breaching a prior commitment is not enough to constitute an unfair act or practice under Section 5. The standard-setting context in which National made its commitment is critical to the legal analysis. As described above, the lock-in effect resulting from adoption of the NWay patent in the standard and its widespread use are important factors in this case. In addition, the established public policy of supporting efficient standard-setting activities is an important consideration in this case. Similarly, it must be stressed that not all breaches of commitments made by owners of intellectual property during a standard-setting process will constitute an unfair act or practice under Section 5. For example, if the commitment were immaterial to the adoption of the standard or if those practicing the standard could exercise countermeasures to avoid injury from the breach, the statutory requirements most likely would not be met. Finally, it needs to be emphasized that not all departures from those commitments will be treated as a breach. The Orkin court suggested that there might be a distinction between an open-ended commitment and a contract having a fixed duration. That distinction does not apply here because the context of the commitment made it plain that it was for the duration of National’s patents. However, most such commitments, including the one here, are simply to offer the terms specified. Indeed, those principles are reflected in the remedy set forth in the consent decree.
According to several ancient cultures, we are entering a new phase in human development, human consciousness, earth-consciousness, union with the Divine.
The following morning, after a trip to the chiropractor and a ‘small fry’ in the Silver Lounge in Larne, I started flicking through the cookbooks, using the online website recipes, the Slimming World Magazines that my sister had given me, and started putting together a menu plan.
"I don't really have one."
On the other hand, we want to adopt first. We need to adopt first. I wish I could help speed that up, but we sit here twiddling our thumbs waiting.
There is this paraphrase of Philippians 1:21. “For me to live is Christ, and to die is more Christ.” So Paul’s prayer in Philippians 3:10 was “that I may know him.” In 1 Corinthians 13:12 he wrote, “Then shall I know even as also I am known.”
Thank you for stopping by. Have a wonderful weekend.
Google switched to a new, impossible-to-decipher word verification system. It stinks. Hence, I've turned off WV for new comments.
BF: But I’m hearing we’re pretty close now.
If any of you bust any of this year's BTP and have any Mask cards for me, let me know and we'll work something out.
I see that she is looking at me. I know those eyes. I can read in them that, the visions I saw, she remembered them too. I can also see a determination. And she walks up to me.
“Good, I hope you combust”
So far, Derek has not dated any Kardashians, but he's still a relatively young guy.
â€œThe USPTO is committed to the President's management agenda goal of citizen-centered operations,â€� said Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property and Director of the USPTO Jon Dudas. â€œOur electronic hearing room is another way in which we are fulfilling the President's goals. The new cyber hearing room saves our customers time and money, because they don't need to travel to our Office in order to be heard.â€�
Juice from 1 orange, plus a big spoonful of the zest
I loved it. In high school, my friends and I would go there before school on big exam days to study and on Sundays we would often end up there after church (sometimes instead of church). As an adult, I loved to spend my days off wandering the aisles of the public library across the street then settling down to a long cup of coffee and a good book at Veli’s.
I’m kind of amazed at Gusman’s comments. The Consent Decree is a fact of life that Gusman should accept. To challenge DOJ comments as sensationalized is baiting the very hand that will be feeding them for years to come. Apparently Gusman has decided to pay lip service to the Consent Degree negotiations and not cooperate very much.
set off against sunflowers
and the way our fingers entwine
I read a book.
07. Lola Versus Powerman & The Moneygoround, Part One - The Kinks (1970)
Designed for pros and semi-pros alike, the Canon EOS 7D is a high-performance digital SLR, that features the resolving power of an 18-megapixel APS-C format CMOS sensor and dual DIGIC 4 image processors that enable 8 frames-per-second capture of high-definition, low-noise imaging at sensitivity levels up to ISO 12800.
I got a 4.
I remember feeling rather miffed that someone who had such radical ideas when she was younger should denounce women of a certain age, almost subscribing to the stereotype after all. Although at the time I was already on the brink of middle age myself I was still full of frantic enthusiasm and energy and the idea of growing anything (other than the occasional houseplant) seemed totally alien. I was sure it would never happen to me.
OBAMA (thoughtfully, visibly moved): Huh. You know, I think he’s right. I DO owe something to the American people, especially the African-American community. And that healthcare bill – who am I kidding? It’s crap. It’s not going to do a damn thing to help them. Maybe – maybe I should start with that. And what was that cigar-smoking fool saying about jobs? (searching for something to write with) Now where’d I put that Presidential pen of mine?
I want to lay in bed next to someone. It wouldn’t have to have anything to do with sex. I would just like to feel someones body next to mine. Have someones arms around me. Have someone breath in my neck and kiss my hair. I would like to lay in bed the way couples do in movies. In the warm, and safe embrace of a man. Preferably right now.
First, make the lemon curd:
I get that he has anxiety about going, he has a deep seeded fear that it's going to hurt his little butt by going poop because he is used to constipation and when he finally would go it was so big it would hurt his butt. But his diet has changed, he's older and he's regular.
Paul, called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes our brother, Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called to be saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours: Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
I apologize to mentally challenged people everywhere. To compare mentally challenged people to this person does a huge dishonor to mentally challenged people.
Mother? Just like a will it is important to organize
For all his many and various faults it's hard to escape the nagging confirmation that the idiot T.Aldous presided over a Golden Age. Sadly, so much of the managed change that could have eased the pain of the new horrors, or even forestalled some of them, were blocked as efficiently and ruthlessly as were all the other grim realities of the new millennium.
“Avoid aesthetically unsuitable names,” like Gaswork Road, the council decreed. Also, avoid “names capable of deliberate misinterpretation,” like Hoare Road, Typple Avenue, Quare Street and Corfe Close.
“Since I entered politics, I have chiefly had men’s views confided to me privately. Some of the biggest men in the United States, in the field of commerce and manufacture, are afraid of something. They know that there is a power somewhere so organised, so subtle, so watchful, so interlocked, so complete, so pervasive, that they better not speak above their breath when they speak in condemnation of it.” – Woodrow Wilson, 28th President of the United States (1856-1924)
For me to even wear ordinary street clothing for cycling, actually means investing more money in more clothes. Much of my off-bike street wear and business work clothes, either doesn’t work for cycling movement or it’s expensive. In the women’s wacky world of vanity sizing these days, I range from size 0 to 2. Or extra small.
To the Race Event of the year! Merely by luck! I was dying to do The Color Run once I saw it on Pinterest. Checked the website and the local ones were either passed or not anywhere close to where we are/going to be. I was so bummed. And then Kansas City MO appeared. It is NO WHERE near where we will be living, BUT I have inlaws just a short drive from this. So I recruited my brother in law to do the fun with me. I checked the website to see when we could register and SOLD OUT. seriously this race sold out in ONE DAY. ONE. So tons of people begged and pleaded for an entire week and......
“Reef shark fins are not the most valuable because they tend to be smaller than other sharks, but a lot of other oceanic sharks have already declined a lot so that’s why fisherman are now turning to them,” Baum said.
Bur (Bird)
Recently, I watched two supposed intellectuals snarling at each other with those smug self satisfied smirks they get when they use overly convoluted sentences and barely concealed naked aggression, hoping to distract each other enough so that each would either make a mistake or look dumb during a useless arguement.
Here's the run down:
Friday: I like Fridays. I always have! I like them a little bit less now because of that Rebecca Black song. I don’t even know why she likes Fridays that much, she was home-schooled. Her parents were both veterinarians. She should have sung a song about how much she likes her dog – that would have been better.
I finished reading one vampire novel and two zombie novels in January. The vampire novel was Breaking Dawn by Stephenie Meyer - the final part of her Twilight series. It was easily the best book in the series. The one character who has annoyed me the most in this series has been the petulant Bella Swann, the heroine of the novels. However, my opinion of her changed once her new husband, the vampire Edward Cullen, transformed her into a vampire. Vampire Bella is awesome!
Not anger.
I think it will work out well because he will do a couple of weeks at the Y and then go to Little Explorers and then back to the Y- it's a mix of back and forth. He will have the experience of a new place and new people but will also stay connected to his school.
Some of them probably don’t deserve to be read by anyone else but I find I have a strange attachment to them, and now and again, when I have a bit of spare time, I go looking and find one of them. It feels like a guilty pleasure as I re-read them, enjoying the chance to meet the characters again, like old forgotten friends. I think about how I could change this or that, knowing that I will probably not find time or energy to re-write or edit them (and no doubt with some of them it is just as well!).
She has six months before the Everneath comes to claim her, six months for good-byes she can't find the words for, six months to find redemption, if it exists.
The complex houses a maximum of 455 students.
Incidentally, I visited with the Chief Medicolegal Death Investigator this past Monday regarding his opinion on the state of the OME. We enjoyed a 30 minute conversation until work got in the way. (By the way, he is a retired homicide detective.) He told me a story about SWAT and their response to burn-out. He commented that we sometimes overestimate the amount of stress we can handle. He suggested that sometimes it requires administrators to appreciate the amount of stress that is tolerable and learn when to pull an employee out of a situation before that limit is reached. We brainstormed a few strategies to solve the issue or at least help mitigate exhaustion in employees while performing autopsies.
Nevertheless, while Scipio is right in this one specific respect, I don't take seriously the notion that "superhero" is defined by a lack of tropes from other genres, which seems Scipio's implicit definition.
This is where I belong.
Because, sometimes, you won’t.
And that's why I got a write up. Because you NEVER confront a guest.
This should be a scheduled post and I should be trekking around the Lake District, I've never been before so looking forward to the great scenery. I just hope it stops raining!
The Boko Haram as presently constituted has three wings. The pro-sharia Boko Haram which is the offshoot of the one led by late Alhaji Yusuf, the All Queda Boko Haram which is sponsored by Arab support and the Peoples Democratic Party Boko Haram which wants to prevent President Goodluck from contesting for a second term in 2015 or stifle his seven year tenure elongation bid. My analysis is to dissect the PDP Boko Haram and the lies they have fed Nigerians.
Step 6. Create different mindmaps and then translate to word document, pdfs, powerpoints, websites based on a particular purpose.
Then I felt dumb. I knew that a bit of foolishness and nervousness had come over me. But I was glad to have gotten the shake anyway.
A 5k is roughly equal to:
Right now, we're deciding on cabinets, backsplash, countertops and exterior colors.
The waiting room is filled with soft plastic comfortable chairs set around a huge floor to ceiling fish tank through which tropical fish swam gently behind a veil of bubbles.
So, this is one of three pieces that seemed to get me over my weird little hurdle. I'm doing a large custom bridal order (5 bridesmaids, a best lady, two moms, two flower girls, and the bride). This is the first of the bridesmaids' pendants, which will all be a little different.
I feel better now that I know where I found this.
But the good news is, she has terrific grandparents, and she was staying out there for a couple of weeks, and it was just a matter of timing that kept this particular mission from reaching its final stage of conclusion.
The best part of the run besides just having that feeling you get while running when you haven’t in a while — be it 4 days or 4 months — was the little girl who biked by and said “Hey, look another friend!” as I ran by. Her dad chased after her and said “Yep.”
Anyway, many years ago, when I was young but already deeply involved with Science, I spent quite a bit of time in London. I was very happy there, and I had some nice flatmates with whom I had absolutely nothing in common. They were not interested in Science. They were interested in clothes, fashion, going to clubs, and so on. I realize that those interests are not mutually exclusive, but I was not interested in those things. I got the impression that my flatmates felt a mixture of mystification and pity for me, but they were nice about it.
I was able to back pack there several times as a college student.. but it isn't really the same when you have no money & are living in a hostel.. :-)
“First time I figured something was up was when I locked eyes with the baby sitter,” he says. “She looked at me real weird, like, ‘What are you doing here? Eric’s not here, why are you here?’ “
The smell of lemon drops will forever remind me of my Grandmother (or is that Dumbledoor?? Haha) and the smell of a new shampoo will always make me think of my sister. What smells conjure memories for you and how do you add this into your writing?
Pet Insurance is a Lot Like People Insurance
In "The Santa Suit," Sorbo plays greedy elitist and Hunter Toys CEO Drake Hunter who looks down on the whole of humanity until he is suddenly transformed from Fortune 500 phenom to Santa Claus to learn that when people are stripped of worldly splendor, and have nothing except their humanity to define them, they tend to make more heartfelt and purposeful choices.
"I don't have enough vacation time for a trip to anywhere really interesting."
I think my wardrobe contains 80% dark matter.
Photograph of Roderick Cameron and Van Day Truex in Ireland from *Van Day Truex, Adam Lewis, Viking Studio, 2001.
So we jumped right in and took the classes. We came to the last meeting and listened to those people on the panel who shared their experiences and helped us understand the flow and processes of the foster care system. We got finger printed. We had our worker come to our home for an initial home visit, and she scheduled another one for a couple of weeks after the final class. In that first visit she asked us to remind her what ages we were wishing for/ willing to take. We told her that we would love to have a baby or very young children. We were also interested in sibling groups if that young child happened to have a sibling or two, perhaps up to age seven or so? She made careful notes, and then promised to call us with something totally different! We laughed… she wasn’t kidding. She also asked about other things such as what races we were willing to take, etc. We mentioned that we would really love to have a child/family with a Hispanic background, especially since my hubby is Hispanic and speaks the language fluently. She noted that as well, but told us that Hispanic children didn’t come into care very often because there is usually a relative available. She took our information for background checks and for references, and then all we were left with was preparing our home – the rest was up to our worker.
Andrew Penny, solicitor for the Douglas-Pennant family, said they owed the major part of their fortune to slate quarrying at Bethesda – not slavery alone. Most of the wealth was now in the hands of The National Trust, which owns the family’s former seat of Penrhyn Castle.
And now he is the razor-blade that cuts my heart deep inside
You can gather in two ways - by right-clicking on resource nodes as you wander around (those you can gather will show up on your-mini-map and glow), or by spending credits to send your crew on gathering missions.
I know that all the groups of people I’ve ever been in have taught me what was cool, or what was interesting, or how to act or laugh or react to failure or accomplishment. I’m proudly the product of all the people I’ve ever known.
eBOOKS ENRICHED WITH FUN ACTIVITIES THAT BUILD VOCABULARY AND CONFIDENCE
“Is she practice laughing?”
The Vampire Diaries: The Return: Shadow Souls
Yesterday i got a real boost to my ego ( and god knows i need that). I was declared poem master.
With that said, I seemed to have found a new lease this week and have 3 layouts to share with you.
At the event, Romney also praised Obama’s education secretary for the Race to the Top program that rewards state education systems for reaching specific goals. “I think Secretary Duncan has done some good things,” he said. “I hope that’s not heresy in this room.”
How does Spirit speak to us?
The only thing that the energetic writing and commenting by Chechar and Tanstaafl have lead to is to make open blog discussions about Jews a dead end. I didn't think in this way before, but they have changed the landscape now. Some people who would otherwise say something about the issue will be repelled from it by them. And in this polarized situation, some people who would otherwise have kept a more balanced stance will be sucked into their warp. This since, at least to newcomers, Chechar and Tanstaafl will appear as the brave ones who dare bringing up the "truths".
Perfect sky sipping on wine
Transocean Ltd, whose rig was used in the operation, and some of its employees in Brazil are also expected to be charged, according to the officials, who requested anonymity because the case has not been presented to a judge. It is up to a judge to determine whether to accept the charges and proceed with indictments.
An active society on the way to building regional sustainability.
As Falstaff virgins we were totally seduced by a twice-cooked Niman Ranch pork belly appetizer. This dish, in various guises, has also retained its menu position and is apparently so popular it is likely to run out, as it did for us, seconds before we attempted to order it. Oh, James, James, James, this is so cruel. Are you treating us bad on purpose so we'll be begging to come back for more.
We pinched a rather lovely idea of using air dry clay and beans to make some fabby Art from this great Blog!
A vast catch.
AVOID THE TEMPTATION to take shortcuts. Taking shortcuts and cutting corners is a character flaw. You will be building on sand, and it will surely collapse. It always has. It always will.
Centuries have passed since Gideon Ravel dwelled among humans. Now he must infiltrate the cream of London society to earn the trust of one woman. Simone, Lady Gilbert, possesses an amulet of unimaginable power, and no concept of the threat that surrounds her. The ton’s gossip prepared him for her beauty and wit. But he is blindsided by her barely disguised sensuality and his growing need to possess her...
So my focus this week is to NOT eat sugar. And to drink water. Lots of water. My body is craving it so much it is waking me at night. Back to basics again I think.
The brimmed and spiculating grace of rain
Not only this, but you will be able to communicate with others who are following my journey as well as their own and compare notes. I sincerely hope that you do enjoy reading further and I encourage you to follow via RSS.
Ink: Timber Brown StazOn, Soft Suede, Not Quite Navy, Night of Navy, Old Olive, SU Markers (River Rock, More Mustard, Soft Suede, Basic Black, Sahara Sand)
6) The main love interest, played by Hayley Atwell, is smoking hot.
“DAP is nothing more than a political eunuch to PAS,” Dr Chua said.
I passed by recently, and found the bar, which was founded in 1969, had been supplanted by a cheery-looking place with the cheery name of Skylark.
Wolf Moon
Here is Nancy, our cute hedgehog lady! Nancy will be released as a digi very soon, but she's not the very next release we'll have. The next release will be a design to be introduced by Kellie Winnell, and I'll let her do all the talking when it comes to it. There'll be another giveaway at which to try your luck --that much I'll say! ;D
The motorcycle jump.That one everybody’s seen.
This morning we did some gymnastics up to 3'3".
A closer look at the jewellery rack shows the Swarovski rack, pearl rack, gemstone rack, some still to be bagged and sorted stones, Scrabble tiles for pendants, many MANY pairs of pliers and cutters, the world's largest collection of steel wool, hundreds of dollars worth of sterling silver wire, and a train case FULL of unset stones for ring making!
As Rich reminded me, who knows how long this will last. It's not very often that we are home together on a weekday and inevitably, at some point in the future, it will change so we need to take advantage of it while we can.
2-3lbs ribs cut into 2 inch pieces. Garlic ginger and hot pepper, about a tbsn each finely chopped. Toasted sesame seeds (do in a dry pan until they brown) about 2 tbspns. Tbspn dark soy 2 tbspns light. 1/2 cup rice wine. 1 cup water or chicken stock hot.
I know that she loves and adores me.I love all you gals too.
Sitting with a pint of larger and a gaggle of friends (maybe a boyfriend). Feeling a moral victory as City were not ,all, about money. The great fan loyalty that saw season ticket sales rise when we were relegated. Living with a boyfriend on the street next to the ground, watching the people streaming past the house, the streets filled with cheers. Catching sight of players in bars, a drink with a football player.
Oh yeah. I guess I do.
Walker on the Wild Side by The Grannies
And what did he do with his deadly darts,
In a world of little girls and lemonade…
Please remember you can enter as much times as you like, but each creation must be a different craft. eg: 1 card, 1 layout, 1 altered item etc. Please do not enter with 2 items that are the same like 2 cards, as your second entry will not count.
A woman and a man driver are involved in a horrific collision, but amazingly both escape completely unhurt - though their cars are written off.
Featuring colour maps and more, it's regarded by fans as an essential reference for Judge Dredd writers - professional and amateur - and for Dredd fans in general, it's a guide that should also interest anybody wanting to explore perhaps one of the richest science fiction mythology ever produced by British comics.
Suspiria directed by Dario Argento and released in 1977.
finish. From our marinara to our pancake
The real life victims are robbed of their innocence and dehumanized in the sickest forms. They are treated as sex objects; not a single person cares for them when this occurs.
1. One Slip (06:32)
June 1st: SG 1.000, re racked to secondary fermenter.
Aroma of banana, cinnamon, quite yeasty and citrus.
Any parting words to share?
My first order of business yesterday morning, was to head to the annual once a month Red Barn Sale!! It runs once a month from March to October, I do believe. I found this sale last year on their last sale of the year. For all my primitive blogging friends, I tell you what, you would love this sale! And the prices were awesome! I asked the owner for permission to take some photos to post and my blog and she was more then happy to oblige. I'll show you the goodies of what I bought after I show you all the goodies they had for sale!
If this movie doesn’t make you a Santa believer, nothing will. This is a magical movie about little miracles of christmas.
You will need
They hope the campaign will help 'destroy Christmas' in this country and lead to Britons converting to Islam instead.
As the temperature rises and we are outside more, I crave ice cream more and more. Duh! We have an ice cream maker but I hesitate to use it because while homemade ice cream is yummy its not any better for you than the Blue Bell I'd pick up at the store!
"I want another flashlight."
out of frustration
Mass non-white immigration can all too easily become self-perpetuating. As the immigrant invasion continues so the notion of what one means by “host society” and “tolerable” changes quite dramatically. Large numbers of immigrants who originate from failed, barbarous, Third-World states (Afghanistan, Pakistan, Somalia and sub-Saharan Africa) and who have acquired British citizenship will not necessarily be sympathetic to the hopes and fears of the white, indigenous population. Why should they be? They want to displace them, the aim of any invader. Armed with the right to vote, these immigrants can exert considerable electoral leverage and secure ever more “tolerant” policies towards their fellow non-whites which for the indigenous white may well be utterly “intolerable”. If the main threat to the racial and cultural stability of Britain both in the short and long term stems from mass non-white immigration, mass white immigration is also a threat. Permitting the influx of hundreds of thousands of immigrants from Bulgaria and Romania, which even by the routine and endemic corruption of Brussels are hopelessly corrupt states, only benefits unscrupulous employers and further strains already malfunctioning public services.
The experience galvanized Megan’s commitment to help other women by guiding them through an appropriate fitness regime before, during and after pregnancy. “I am excited to use my knowledge and personal experience to help others, especially moms-to-be, to maintain a fit and healthy lifestyle and to enjoy it at the same time!”
'Oh the chap with the grease spot in the centre back of his jacket' said Chef.
Jimi had a few days of intense jealousy and looking longingly at my bike until he found a bike which he will go and pick up tommorow… from Edinburgh.
Do you have your plan for today? The next project is rekindling an interest in an old hobby of your husband's. My husband never really had any hobbies, he has always enjoyed farming. I think I'll pick up a farm magazine for him today and have it waiting for him when he gets home.
and not so apart
Through the day in these heels.
Jumier's PVP Maximum Healing Build
I must admit, I was in a quagmire when it came to quantity and quality whilst quantifying Q words. I quickly quarrelled with a quartet of options and queued them up as I quietly quenched my quest by quickly ascertaining which would produce the quirkiest quips. Eventually, I decided to talk about the Quakers.
The rally opened a little woodenly as Deb Howard of the Pratt Area Community Council, a member of both BrooklynSpeaks and the Council of Brooklyn Neighborhoods, the third co-sponsor, read a statement that, without the commercial and residential component around the arena, the project “won’t be able to meaningfully fulfill the promises” made.
I call Jae.
1/2 cup brown sugar (some of us like it a little sweeter, so you could go 3/4 cup)
Then I found a way to get in through the back door to post this post but as soon as you hit preview that's it there is no way to go back and actually post that post your locked into that preview page.
The buildings perfectly blot out the sky...
Unfortunately, for Sheri, it was the worst decision she ever made.
230pm the family representatives from the boy's side will come to Mak isah house to bring 9 'dulang' (trays) of decorative items plus the gold ring for the girl who he is going to be engaged to.
These stamps can be found today at Little Darlings Rubber Stamps. Below please see the blog hop order links. Make sure to visit and comment on each blog for your chance to win some yummy candy from Little Darlings Rubber Stamps. Candy ends on March 20th.
The letter goes on to say: “As you know, existing federal unemployment benefits are set to expire on November 30th. If this happens, 181,500 Michigan residents will exhaust their unemployment benefits over the next five months.
Sexaholics Anonymous
Thanks so much, Julie. This has been lots of fun. Happy New Year to you and your readers.
Martial artist Billy Lo is dismayed that younger brother Bobby is neglecting his studies and spending all his time looking at porn. Meanwhile a friend of Billy’s, Kung Fu master Chin Ku, dies under mysterious circumstances. Billy heads to Japan to find May, Chin Ku’s daughter, now a singer at a club in Ginza. Later, at Chin Ku’s funeral, a helicopter appears out of nowhere and with its dangling steel claw snatches the kung fu master’s coffin. Billy latches on to the helicopter, but is shot with a dart and falls to his death. Bobby, shocked back into reality by his brother’s death, is determined to get revenge. He’s soon off to Japan himself, where he learns a sadistic foreigner/martial artist, Lewis, had associated with Chin Ku in the days before the latter’s death. Bobby visits Lewis’s palatial estate, determined to uncover the secret of the “castle of death.” But when Lewis is brutally murdered, Bobby must investigate the mysterious Fan Yu temple, where he must enter an underground pagoda and face off with the most terrifying of enemies.
(Ruth is looking for hosts, if you would like to host Presto Pasta Nights, just follow the link on the side panel)
Let us not watch these next chilling verses play out.
last month, a handful of
The Elections Department announced it will be updating the Registers of Electors on 13 April in a government gazette on Monday, sparking speculations that a by-election will be called soon in Hougang.
I believe those who leave Islam deserve the death penalty:
it's official - i do have a raccoon as a roommate! - now do i evict him/her or let him/her stay rent free?! - hummmm - u know deep down inside i wanna leave "it" alone - but i also don't want damage done to my house that will cost me a fortune to fix .. breaks my heart to make the lil guy/gal leave! .. Joe says i build him a lil home so this way he can stay near and i won't feel bad - i'm actually thinking of doing such! - i know i'm a lil cookey when it comes to animals!
1)We do not understand and therefore correctly value our inheritance/eternity
We can't guarantee beautiful weather next year; it might be colder. We hit 60 degrees one day! I saved it:
I'm not fine with the fact that the programming manager at the local station doesn't realize that more than five Christmas songs exist. Yes, I, too, love me some Trans-Siberian Carol of the Bells. I don't love it seven times an hour. I don't love Dan Fogelberg's Same Auld Lang Syne at all. Well, maybe once, but that's only to remind me how much I don't like it.
* Able to work under pressure
Question Ten.
Spoken to transform the gentle Cow Goddess Hathor
If you think you are safe by avoiding this type of junk food—think again. Have you ever wondered what made that shiny red apple look so polished? Sadly, most conventional fruit and vegetables are coated with Shellac. It helps extend their shelf life and the shininess of the produce appeals to the consumer making you want to buy it.
More than I have charged myself, heeded or unheeded, to compose a
“No, I mean yes, no I mean I just wanted to ask some questions.”
I rely on Ravelry to "remember" so much of my crochet/knitting stuff for me-- and yet I hadn't joined or wasn't active on Ravelry until I'd been crocheting a little while. Well, I just now finally remembered Flickr. There are a few photos on Flickr to remind me of the timeline. I was making my ugly variegated granny squares in the summer of 2008. About a year later, I tried to remember the pattern and practiced making granny squares again. However, I don't think I really loved granny squares-- didn't know how to switch colors, saw them more as practice than part of a real project I wanted to complete-- and so they fell by the wayside. A couple of months later (September 2009), I was making ugly dishcloths. (g) Then I think I tried a scarf pattern that I thought looked easy, but turned out to be almost entirely the lover's knot stitch-- which I now realize was a very poor choice for a beginner! After that, I made the Luna Lovegood Scarf (October 2009), and everything finally began to click. (Whew!)
1/4 t onion powder
* Check cart balance by lifting the shafts. In a loaded or unloaded cart, there should be only 1 lb of pressure (may be a little heavier depending on the weight of the shafts). Any weight that is heavier than the weight of the shafts indicates that the cart is unbalanced or improperly hitched.
For lack of a better tunnel
"Nooo......but I don't want anymore." I grumble.
There is a back cottage and a big white garage, and so much space to run around.
Then of course I have to get home, which may be slightly more of a challenge!
“Oh, a long time,” he answered with a very cute smile.
Enjoy the rainy day!
I cooked a family favorite--Stuffed Peppers with chicken-rice-cornbread stuffing. But something went wrong. It tasted like buttery sawdust.
So, when? A while, looks like. Meanwhile, as was the backup plan, Kehoe is having two beers -- one being Philly Pale (the other I can't remember: ESA? IPA?) -- brewed under contract at The Lion. The other beers will be coming from stocks built up at the Kensington brewery, which is now, of course, Philadelphia Brewing (which has some interesting session-looking beers up on their 'coming soon' brews list).
Osama bin Laden Osama's doctor in the American Hospital in July 2001 was, reportedly, Dr Terry Callaway.
I could literally go on and on. Think about some of your other parenting choices that you may have felt the need to defend. Consider their opposites - the "status quo" parenting options that you could just as easily ask others to defend instead:
14 head
Im not ready to let go much at the moment, but I do need to learn to take my foot off the control button a little more :) And especially when it comes to letting my little girls be creative. So what if the cupcakes look awful right? They will think they are wonderful.
I shudder to think of my tip being added to the likes of hers, but I'll give it a crack anyway. No point quitting before you've failed, right?
"Rabindranath Tagore Revived" by Seamus Perry, a very astute look at Tagore's reputation a century after his heyday. Many figures appear in passing in this piece, including WB Yeats, DH Lawrence, Ezra Pound, and Bertrand Russell, who delivers the hilarious putdown, not without a degree of truth: "The sort of language that is admired by many Indians unfortunately does not mean anything at all."
Dr Chua lambasted Ibrahim for his statement and said that it was organisations like Perkasa that made it difficult for the MCA to get Chinese support for the BN.
Today....I not 100% sure where my daughter will be going to school.
Also, why aren't we taught about the greed and brutality of the Spaniards against the Taino (who have been remembered as " naked savages" in our history books, if at all), and how the Taino were murdered and enslaved on that second voyage? Why are we not taught about the third voyage & how when King Ferdinand & Queen Isabella of Spain heard about Columbus' actions in the "New World" he was sent back toSpain in chains to stand trial for his crimes, was convicted and stripped of his titles?
Place them apart from each other on an ungreased baking tray
The chosen couple this week was picked by none other than, Julie Cross, so without further ado . . .
If you are already a Christian, no matter how many times you fall or turn away, God promises that He will never disown you, He will always forgive you and always love you! This is not conditional on how much we do for Him, but purely based on what He did for us in Christ dying for our sins. It is not based on how much or how often you read the Bible, but rather what the Bible says. That’s right, God’s promise doesn’t change or is not withdrawn just because we are slackers in reading it. Just remember that when we read it, we learn of God’s love for us and see how awesome He is.
Not that I blame him for losing track for a bit; only two years up from Atlanta, sempi still likes to run around in his nicely pressed khakis like this is the big city, forgetting that sort of dress-up is for marryings, buryings, and unfortunate moments in front of a magistrate. And, up here, even such occasions usually just dictate which North Face fleece you're going to wear.
An update last week, with council funding of $12.08 million, proposed new or upgraded facilities for the city’s sporting codes, including a new multipurpose artificial all-weather turf for a variety of sports, another artificial turf for football only, paid for in part by Fifa, a new hockey turf and tennis courts, and a possible new life for the former art gallery building as an administration centre for Sport Otago and other regional sporting bodies.
but his best present for me (and my greatest wish) was ... his permission... for buying my airline tickets.
How your awake when the rest of the world is sleeping. I tweeted about this months ago. The one morning it seemed I was alone on twitter. I found myself talking to my computer.
There was a pause. It was almost as if giving this man an order was a form of blasphemy. Finally, the Boss Grape Man said “You want to tape up some of these fuckin’ boxes?”
For now, the Grayson Perry documentary can be seen here:
I’m sure there was shame since you lived in the Bible belt.
What is so awful about this case is that the character in the novel, Skeeter, knows she has no book without the testimony of the maids and pays them an exact equal share of the advance she gets and any future royalties. Ablene Cooper must have brought her $75,000 compensation case at least partly because no such arrangement was made with her. (I assume).
Noticing:
Please send us four items: 2 x card samples 2 x layout samples.
Grated cheese for serving
Tomorrow is dedicated to my dogs! I'm moving Saved to the weekend cuz I gots plans! Hope everybody had a great weekend.
So, while admitting it's not for everyone, I've been reading enough of it with enough intensity, I should take the time to share what I've learned for those interest. And I know not everyone will be interested.
Malema’s spokesperson Floyd Shivambu previously told City Press he would not respond to “futile fishing expeditions” by the newspaper.
It is, of course, protected by copyright. So play nice.
Each step of the way, they had to listen to God.
Antifa, though impressive in its ability to occasionally motivate and organize reasonably large numbers of dysfunctional and unproductive youth, does not seem to be in possession of any of the characteristics that might award it some determinative influence on the trajectory any particular European state will take with respect to Islamization. Whether or not any given demonstration will take place is ultimately determined by the government of the country in question, though in hiding behind Antifa may to allow that government to shrug and attempt to avoid responsibility for making said demonstration impossible.
Dear Nicholas and Your Future Therapist: Because you insist that your toys only do "boy things," I wanted to show you otherwise. For a week, you came home to find your toys positioned in different ways, for instance, as if they were having a tea party.
Sign up to follow my blog and leave me a comment telling me something you like about my blog and something you would like to see more of!
One minute movement to a smaller waist line
Then he wanted sex.
I compare it to when David Robinson got hurt for a season with the San Antonio Spurs. The Spurs fell apart, like worst in the league fell apart, but ended up with the No. 1 pick. That pick became Tim Duncan and we all know how well that ended up working out.
The guys had lots of questions to ask and were more than eager to hear about his approach to the art of crime fiction.
What is your favorite method for character building? Have I left anything out? Is there anything you would like to blog about in detail? Let me know. Cheers~
Today I have been preparing for my Christmas promotion which has actually been a lot of fun. I get to give away champagne to all prized subscribers and go and buy gifts for them. This sounds like fun but unfortunately I have to go with Jay to choose them which is not.
Whoever you are, I have always depended on the kindness of strangers.
Meanwhile in this weeks episode, more focus was away from the track than on it. Ace managed to gain a small upper hand against Michael in his not quite clear plan regarding the race track, gambling and something or other about making money. Personally I find Dustin Hoffman a little hard to take as a gangster. The guy is 5 foot 5 inches tall and looks even shorter. He ought to have been given an ashtray like scene, himself. I’m not sure about this quiet menace. Although on the other hand the scenes where he spoke to Michael were great so maybe I am sure about his quiet menace.
2012 is a little fuzzy but big things could certainly happen. I made the statement this morning that it was too big of a year NOT to eat Black-eyed peas today. This is how I feel. Big things will happen and the luck can go either way. I’ll be making my New Year’s Day soup and eating my black-eyed peas. Even though I’m not really superstitious, sometimes you just don’t want to tempt fate. And this morning when I went to the grocery store, I got the last two cans of black-eyed peas on the shelf. See… good luck is starting already.
Yet… as I began to read the e-book, I came upon the following sentence:
she doesnt need to go see special docters, she doesnt need to be changed.
He moved among us, as a muttering king,
Stamps used are:
I'm glad we've been getting a little bit of time together this month. I want more. I love you.
what time it is? Who or what controls your minutes and hours?
miniCASTER® c/o TV1
Over at NPR, Linton Weeks recalls spending time with Fuentes in Washington, DC in 1995 when he was interviewing the author for The Washington Post. Weeks’ recollections offer a visual and intellectual portrait of the man and are among the most tactile and personal I’ve seen. Writes Weeks:
In my defense (and I don’t have much to go on here…lol) I had literally just gotten out of rehab. I was a nervous wreck to begin with before I even got into my car that night. I was due to snap about something. It was inevitable. But it’s not all my fault… OK…well it is my fault I mean…but I had been on those fucking pills every single minute of every day for two years. That’s not even counting the many other years of heavy recreational use of other party drugs. I was fucked up. Just because I went into rehab and was technically “clean” doesn’t mean I was fully back to normal by any means. In fact I wasn’t even close. That would take some time. My mind was still definitely all over the fucking place…clearly.
killian eng has so much amazing stuff. this warrents a third part installment coming soon.
As long as we’re in the EU, I have very little control over immigration policies.
It's been dark for so long. You don't even know what time it is anymore; your alternator is shot, and the clock is buzzing 88:88.
In my pre-motherhood, road warrior days with the hubby, one of our favorite haunts was the Runza fast food chain in Nebraska. He would get a burger and onion rings but I always ordered a Mushroom and Swiss Runza with the cauliflower-cheese soup.
Genre: Nonfiction
Tel. +33 (0)1 77 32 49 69
I sure hope you hop over and visit with Michelle today, makes sure you let her know we sent you.
All of that is cool.
Beattie
Drain pasta and cool with cold running water. Drain again and add to stir fry. When the pasta is coated and the sauce is slightly thickened, it is ready to serve.
Indeed, as many as 44 percent of its users now could be so-called ‘ghost users’ who don’t log even log in once a month, as you can see in the chart below from news.livedoor.com:
As Micah 6:8 says: “He has told you, O mortal, what is good; and what does the LORD require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God?”
+ Thelonious Monk - Brilliant Corners - 1957
Page 2 has accidentals. They looked navigable to me, since they were spaced out among white keys.
Garlic powder- 1 tsp
I look at guys and they don’t look like they want to play. I told them at halftime, If you don’t want to play, just stay in the locker room, because it don’t make sense for a team who we should beat to just demolish us. – Dwight Howard
The world has water problem. Soon, those who control water control the world. I hope it would not happen very soon.
our ride was about 45 minutes.
To this point plus many other cases in the Bible, I can see the deep revelation God gave the founder of this ministry concerning the GRACE. I can see the power of the grace.
These workers also had a bit more disposable income and were increasingly adventurous. In response to this, the cha chaan tengs gave them the chance to try exciting new dishes, incorporating different western influences into their menus. Dishes like spam sandwiches and spaghetti were served to please more adventurous eaters.
voices beyond call to you,
With any luck, I'll finish this draft by the end of August, and then can get back to revisions of my new play, Flight, while this project settles for a month or two. (I figure it'll take me as much as a year to revise the novel to a point where it might be ready to be submitted.)
Neighbours. They’re rather tricky.
1/4 teaspoon fine sea salt
There was a mat on the floor for the babies to sleep and we lay the sleeping ones down and went back for more. About that time, one of the mamas brought a bucket full of bottles and set it down. We each ended up with 2 babies in our laps and a bottle in each hand (continuously) for about 30 minutes. After food it was nap time. Sigh.
to see what wisdom I could find.
Until, I realize it was the flipping of the (or just plain "flipping") calendar that hit me so hard.
Here is another in an occasional series from El Ingles. As readers familiar with our essayist know by now, Señor Ingles doesn’t pull his punches.
Tracks 1-9 October 17 1991
More holiness give me, More strivings within,
04 - Born To Be My Baby
What I don’t understand is why that last argument convinced Houtarou? Maybe he figured out that he can’t stop Chitanda now? My first guess when I watched it was that his sister would make him do it since she must have done it before too, but this is kind of shaky since she told him that he didn’t have to do anything besides registering as a member before. Or maybe he doesn’t want to get in a fight with a teacher or something? But now that he agreed with this, Houtarou has to do even more work. He has to look for the old anthologies. I feel very sorry for him, he only picked the wrong day to be bored and drop by.
This post is for Stephanie of Steph's Green Space, who has asked me before about this plant. (Stephanie, I was waiting for the flowers to grow and bloom to show you the beauty of the flowers!) and also to Autumn Belle of My Nice Garden. Autumn Belle, there were four pregnant guppies, one has already given birth, now waiting for the other three. The picture above shows one of the pregnant guppy. When you buy guppies, make sure you buy more females than males!)
I was breathing, now I need a respiration tube and mechanical support.
I like a mix. I've stopped trying to name it. I'm just going with it. The country phase I've referenced was more old-school. Like lots of barn red. American flags on all kinds of stuff. A little primitive. Homespun fabric. Cinnamon candles. Bows? I'd say that part of country is no longer an influence in my personal aesthetic.
@Geevie Don't get it right. Get it written.
I'm trying to slow down this year and focus on one room at a time, starting with my living room. I've been making a lot of tweaks to it lately, but I can't seem to get it right (it doesn't help that I hate our couch and Adam has vetoed replacing it for now). Thank goodness for Pinterest. I looked back at the inspiration for my colour palatte and compared it to my room. The rug needed to go.
President Romney and a Republican Congress (Democrats took over in 2007, when the numbers were the lowest on the above graph, and the numbers went up after that) might not be able to return our nation back to where it used to be- but we know for a fact that Obama and the Democrats can't do that and can at best borrow and spend trillions of dollars just to keep our nation with high unemployment and underemployment.
Two tablespoons half and half
Be prepared my friends! Not only will you see some insanely amazing organizing going on here.... you will also be pulled in by her awesome blog and see oh so much more! Enjoy!
20. A backward poet writes inverse.
This freezes well, and so do biscuits! I freeze it in portion sizes to cover two biscuit halves.
So why feel guilty?
My boys have been sick. some gastro stuff going around and some viral sore throat going around. so the middle boy, Uncle Football, is in college. Very hard to make him a dr's appointment here at home. He's only 45 minutes away but with his class schedule, it gets difficult. Well, I found a Walgreens near him that has a "take care clinic" inside. You see a nurse practitioner. cost me our co-pay and a prescription...didn't have to wait a long time...and it was SO much easier than doing the whole doctor thing. I wish we had one of those near us. :(
First up, blue striped curtains that are currently in the room, orange lamp, the dvd cover art, and two large scale, blown-up photos of the boys. I would frame the photos and hang them over their beds, like this room. The only thing new would be the blown-up photos, as I already have everything else.
It's a funny time of year in Switzerland.
The NY Post published on April 8, 2012 an excerpt from Thayer’s unimaginable story:
The appointment of former inspector-general of police Tun Mohamad Hanif Omar to head of the independent panel to probe incidents of violence during the Bersih 3.0 rally has raised deep public concerns that the investigation will either be a whitewash of police brutality on peaceful demonstrators, a massive cover-up of the sufferings of the victims or a pretext to justify BN’s wild lies that Bersih 3.0 was a coup d'état attempt.
I love The Miz and R-Truth as a team, but there is no heat at all on this match they have with Air Boom this Sunday. And what does that say about David Otunga and Michael McGillicutty losing to random people every week with Jerry “The King” Lawler?
The very first recorded set of lyrics actually came from the first studio session. The very earliest live version that we even know of is from June 16, 1979, when they played at The Odeon in Canterbury. Unfortunately, that concert was not recorded (as far as I know). The song was actually as early as June 1979. Funny, given how much later the 'Closer' version was. Very fitting, considering their differences.
Essaouira is a cute beach town on the Atlantic coast. Its name in Berber means “the wall” which refers to the fortress walls that enclose the main part of the city. Deidre and I enjoyed wondering around the streets inside the fortress where there are tons of artisans and crafts for sale. Wood-carving is big there with many vendors and it turns out I love all things wood! Who knew? I wanted to buy everything from wooden lamps, boxes, and bowls to candle holders and domino sets. I will have to go back before I leave to buy more as well as some beautiful paintings I saw.
Now if I’d had a few exciting or weird jobs it would be so much easier to write a pithy and amusing little biography- like the ones I read in other writer’s books! They all seem to have done such interesting things
I swat her away. “Not me. Never, if you make me do that I will hate you for it. You realize that this being so important to you, it makes it seem like you have given up on me.”
I have given birth twice in my life and I will come clean and admit that I am not one of nature’s ‘birth lovers’. My first baby was born in a birth centre and my second was born in a mainstream hospital. Both babies were vaginal births, the first a ‘no intervention style birth’ (but a long, painful, posterior labour) and the second birth an epidural birth. They were pretty successful births, all things considered – my babies were alive and well and I recovered quite quickly, but in both cases I had a lot of fear to overcome and I did not quite make it in my quest to put that fear aside. However, to this day I remain awestruck by the process of birth and my own incredible encounters with that.
2 pounds of fresh cranberries
I have often asked the question, is government inherently stupid? Well, I don’t think government is inherently stupid, but it’s a debatable question, but what government is government doesn’t get the same signals that your local bank gets.
The other pic bought by the Monolith/God that Crawls stretch goal. The color page will go between the adventure, with the first side being Rainville's pic that is now this blog's header image, and this Longmore piece here being the other side... matching the fact that Rainville is handling all the God that Crawls stuff and Longmore's doing all the rules supplement stuff.
Seven dogs now. My cat has gone missing =(
Project Recipe
Matter of fact it wasn't until my second year of college until I again ventured to real bar.
Upon my return home from the movies last night (the movie was dumb but yet slightly enjoyable, by the way), I see my mother sitting in our family room looking at me like she has something that is both bad, yet incredibly funny to say.
I drove around the corner and was detoured by a policeman (thanks to an emergency situation), which brought me driving back around the block past my anxious little friend. I considered stopping and telling the policeman about him. What would I say? I kept driving. On the way back around, he saw me and gave me a little wave. I drove away. Feeling like a heel.
heart and brain
First lets start off with a little introduction to who is who here at the group.
“Okay…I guess you’re right.”
I must say that I was confused a little by the accounts for this company.
"Oh, Jean-Luc." see says before kissing me, "You always know what to say."
Growing up, my first real feud when I started watching WCW was Sting Vs Flair. They have had numerous matches against each other, they know each other as well as they know the back of their hands. Sadly, this match didn’t live up to their usual standards, but then again that was never the intention. No question, the reason why this match was moved to Impact, and not at the PPV was so they can edit it….just in case. But at the end of the day, it doesn’t tarnish my image of two legends, and Flair should stay with TNA as a mouthpiece for someone.
Nell stood staring at Sierra. Sierra could tell that Nell could not understand this change. Sierra knew that everyone viewed her as the woman who had followed every office rule to the letter. Sierra liked Nell. She wished she could tell her what was going on, but instead she just handed the time sheet to Nell and said, “Here’s my time sheet. Please note that I have changed my mailing address. The new address is on the top.”
This is a flowerpot card! Love them! This is the first I made and will be making it again I'm sure! Love the look with a butterfly bookmark too! I made the butterfly green on one side and red on the other! I made this for my sister who loves to read! She'll love that!
or for me.
Beer Style: DIPA/Imperial IPA
Kam "Why isn't it Mattie Mecham?" (That is his Dad's last name.)
Well, it is all the cream coloured yarn that I have left in the house.
“Bye, bye, Blackbird” was written by an American in 1926. I’ve heard on the Wiki-vine that it wasn’t really about a blackbird, but a prostitute planning to pack up the game, go back home to Mother:
enjoy a little peak into our every day lives,
If you weren’t so wonderful
Caller: "Hi can I speak to Suzie Townsend?"
Safeguard of Article 135(1): Though civil servants have no security of tenure, they can be removed only after prescribed procedures. Article 135(1) states that no member of the public services (except a member of the armed force) may be dismissed or reduced in rank by an authority subordinate to that which had the power to appoint him.
We have a winner for last weeks sponsored challenge and we have also chosen our Top 5... here they are:
Beers available include Hawkshead's own Cumbrian 5 Hop and their new brew, New Zealand Pale Ale. I'm also really keen to get my first taste of a new brewery that seem to have set the twitter tongues wagging recently. The brewery in question is Magic Rock Brewing Co and despite being in their infancy, they seem to have caught the eye with their hoptastic beers such as their 9.2 % Human Cannonball and their High Wire and Rapture. Here's hoping they live up to what others are saying about them.
And tears are a language God understands.
Paul DeCola, 39, Ridgewood, N.Y.
As my appetite is back, we had a buffet dinner in Holiday Villa Subang on Saturday. I bought 2 Groupon vouchers for RM90.
And in case anyone wants to jazz up their party playlists before the holidays, the song featured in the commercial comes from the 1958 soundtrack to "Les Liaisons Dangereuses" performed by Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers.
Finally...FINALLY, he hands out the best justice to Lilly as we know he will force her to dig Evelyn's grave with her bare hands.
Well, maybe the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, but you know what I mean ~
Here the boy laid his head against his grandfather’s knee and became silent. The grandfather, softly placed his hand on the boy’s raven hair and said, “And then what happened?”
That wasn't quite all the crafting for the weekend though! Those of us who were there are also participating in a year long monthly ATC swap and had decided that we would swap our April and May ATCs whilst away together. That meant I had to make mine whilst there as I hadn't got around to it beforehand! To my relief I wasn't the only one. The top two are the two I made and the bottom two are the two I received.
Use 2 cameras on different settings if at all possible.
It seems I have been elected as activities director, and so I'm planning what we'll do over the next few days. There is a much to enjoy here in Niagara Falls and I think we're going to be busy - stay tuned!
8. MOCK UP AS MUCH AS YOU CAN TO ILLUSTRATE THE IDEA. Here are two pages from a book I pitched to a publisher several years ago. You don't even need to use final text. Just throw some jabberwocky copy in. It's the 'look' they're interested in. I use InDesign, but you can use any medium.
Most costume enthusiasts have heard of clocked stockings, but did you know the patterns and techniques changed through the decades? Using detailed images from museum collections and originals from Carol's collection, we'll look at clocking styles from early to late 18th century and a bit into the 19th. Besides learning about these styles of embellishment, methods of replicating a them or "faking it" will be discussed. We will make a sampler of a few of these techniques.
First things first, yes, I ran the 5k. I finished it, ran the entire way without stopping or walking, and I did it in under 40 minutes. Those were my personal goals. My trash-talking son beat me by roughly 8 minutes. My body is still sore, but I have to admit it was a LOT of fun, and I plan on doing more. Big thanks to the family for encouraging me, pushing me, and tolerating my gripes after the fact, and a big thank you to our dear friend Tonnya who ran with me and set a pace faster than I would have... which is exactly what I needed.
2.Added 2 new family members..............my sister in law's husband & my sister's husband................so yeah attended 2 family weddings and had a blast!..............Met so many long lost cousins,welcomed new members to our family folds which was simply superb!
We will never “fail” in this life because this life is not anywhere near what we are in eternity. Detach from the body, discover who resides within and nothing in human experience will ever be able to take from you anything that actually does matter.
How many times will I count you less?
Compact Foundation (Rich Mink)
"Number sixty-one?" he asks with an incredulous stare. "That's your captain. Rick Nash."
Other highlights included: 1 Common Loon, 3 Merlin (40 for the season now), 570 Blue Jays, 1 Orange-crowned Warbler, 3 Lincoln’s Sparrows, 17 White-crowned Sparrows, 1 Summer Tanager, and 2 Pine Siskin.
PS; Great title, great tie, and for what it’s worth, Bunting was right about the poems.
‘round the freaks and all their friends
“As a fag at school, if I misfielded a ball I was put at the wicket and bowled at with no bat to protect me, and woe betide me if I shirked the ordeal. A little of this discipline might do good now.”
Happy Thursday!!
Taking his lumps,
I did my dreaded glucose tolerance test and all the other labs yesterday. All the "other labs" turned out great and normal. The glucose test, not so much. Apparently I have developed Gestational Diabetes. When my doctor told me, I have to admit I was in a bit of shock and then I started thinking wait a minute... I am not obese. I eat healthy. I talk care of myself. I have never had this with previous pregnancies. I don't get it. The doctor assured me that it was nothing I did, in fact she was kind of expecting this. What? She said, it is caused by a hormone released by the placenta. Obviously with three placentas my odds were much greater in developing GD. It made me feel,a little better knowing I didn't do anything to cause this. Still not happy, but a little better.
Quote: “Sex Cauldron?! I thought they closed that place down.”
4th layer: Remaining zucchini slices, seasoned and the remainder of the cheese. Pour remaining cream over top of the cheese. Top the cheese with the bread crumb.
for both days
Harman was recorded saying she would “waddle into” the AIPAC case “if you think it’ll make a difference,” according to two former senior national security officials familiar with the NSA transcript.
Did anything surprise you in April? What are your plans for dominating May? I can't wait to hear what you have going on!
Corporations are not people. Ok, sure, they may be owned by people, but they are not people. Last I knew, they could not be exectued in Texas or incarcerated in any state. Fined? Sure.
A blue slap watch
Our utility tub is awful. But honestly, I have looked at it and how well it is secured to the wall and it is just not worth the trouble to remove it (especially now that we think we have a link in our bathroom. Awesomesauce).
"Five, and I only have one."
* Put present inside.
Michalko: What I learned from observing and listening to academics in college was their curious tendency to assimilate new information into their pre-existing views. Their mental image of the established view interferes with their perception and understanding of new ideas and concepts. In the case of real life, physicists could not see Einstein’s theory of relativity because of their established, accepted view. For years, they tried to incorporate his view into the established view without success.
Stage 3: Fabrics
Embrace the Brown Exotic
One recent Sunday morning we were laying in bed, enjoying the fact we had no plans until the afternoon.
Kenya Debt Relief Network, Kenya; Femnet, Zambia, Tanzania;
Technically I have not lost any weight but gained muscle and have certainly lost inches. My shirts are loose, the questions of "Hey are losing weight?" are starting, it's almost a normal habit for me to drink lots of water and tea, and I can definitely tell I have a lil spring back to my step. That sounds corny but it's true. I love going to stores and having clothes fit right, not worrying that the shirt is too tight or that the jeans are making a muffin top. I'll stick to my cupcakes. hehe. I actually allow myself to have 1 cupcake a week from my class. There is no use in depriving myself, because if I indulge a lil bit I won't want more than 1.
Here is my vegetarian version of sambal for nasi lemak.
what a pain in the butt that is. Now we are adults and
Cannot contain my lofty flight
Jackson Meyer is hiding a secret. He can time-travel. But he doesn't know how he does it, how to control it or what it means. When Jackson, and his girlfriend Holly, find themselves in fatal danger, Jackson panics and catapaults himself two years into his past, further than he's ever managed before, and this time he can't find a way back to the future. All the rules of time-travel he's experienced so far have been broken and Jackson has no choice but to pretend to be his younger self whilst he figures out a solution. Jackson is tearing himself apart with guilt and frustration, wondering if Holly survived. He's also become the target of an unknown enemy force and it seems even his dad is lying to him. Jackson is racing against time to save the girl he loves, but to do that he must first discover the truth about his family and himself. And stay alive.
I guess it's a philosophical difference -- sort of like the petrified politics of the U.S. Congress.
PLEASE DO NOT type in all caps...it spreads the links waaaay out. Thanks!
With a star ensemble including Jodie Foster, Kate Winslet, John C. Reilly and Christoph Waltz, Carnage is one of the most riveting movies this year that takes on a get together of two couples and the grisly results.
... I can't explain this properly. But i think i've ended up a far more responsive, confident mum than i would otherwise have been.
Can you look in a mirror and be ok with what is looking back at you? If you are not applying your values in an honest and consistent manner, the answer would be no. Integrity is something you have to exhibit all the time. You can not have Integrity 1 day, not exhibit it the next day, and expect people to trust you.
Busy fucking day! MIA & having twitter withdrawals!
Last year, an on-site audit by Embraer unveiled what it determined were anomalies in Parker’s software validation and verification documentation processes that were show stoppers. The Brazilian OEM subsequently stationed its own supervisors at the Parker plant to assure that future software releases for the REUs would meet all Brazilian, FAA and EASA airworthiness requirements.
When I received the new Haberdashery stamp plate from Glenda, I knew that I wanted to decorate a box with compartments in which to place all of the elements. I didn't have one the right size, so I set about making one myself from grey board. I cut two pieces of 8" x 8", and trimmed squares from the top one before glueing them together. I painted the piece with acylic paint, and dry brushed it with a small amount of cream paint, to give it a distressed, aged feel. I then added some of Lesley's new lovely Chic Script paper as a background.
I'm tired of being told that drug addicts have a disease, and I must help support and treat them, and pay for the damage they do. Did a giant germ rush out of a dark alley, grab them, and stuff white powder up their noses or stick a needle in their arm while they tried to fight it off?
AvitalLeibovich: Rehearsals for this kind of violent riots in #Kalandya happen on a weekly basis. #GMJ #violence Updating: Land Day Riots AvitalLeibovich: I see some of the media is leaving #Kalandya.I wonder if accordingly,the riot will disperse…. Land Day Shenanigans Video: Latma On Israel’s Completely Non-Political General and “Story Time” AvitalLeibovich: Thought so:seems like the riot in #Kalandya is heading towards dispersal as most media is gone. #GMJ Anti-Israel gay conference on “Homonationalism and Pinkwashing” at CUNY Soccer Dad’s Middle East Media Sampler The Middle East Media Sampler 3/30/2012: Obama’s Got Israel’s Back (Just Check Knife Wounds) Sabbath music video It Only Gets Better When Taken In Context Neturei Karta “rabbis” insulted and beaten in Jordan “Global March” .@AliAbunimah Compares Terrorist #HanaShalabi With Convicted Kidnapper Winnie Mandela. goo.gl/O83lG Hilarious Please send money Barry Rubin: Betrayal Glorified: The Bizarre Jewish Movement to Destroy Israel by Pretending to Save It 972mag attacks Judaism Video: Iranian Response To “Israel Loves Iran” Five year old girl forced to marry – in England Dog mascot chases real cat during Maccabi Tel Aviv game Rioters Hurling Firebombs at IDF Forces in Bethlehem by idfnadesk Булат Окуджава и девушки-солдаты Израильской армии
Nigel Benn was someone who appeared to have everything, having literally fought his way to the very top, along the way earning the sobriquet “The Dark Destroyer”. Yet he fell into drug addictions and had many affairs. One of these hit the papers, and led Caroline almost to despair. One morning, after dropping the kids off at school, she found herself going into an empty church where, for several hours, she wept. She left feeling that she had encountered Christ and announced as much to Nigel – who thought she was cuckoo.
Please use plain text (Times Roman 12) and abstain from using footnotes and any special formatting, characters or emphasis (such as bold, italics or underline). We acknowledge receipt and answer to all paper proposals submitted. If you do not receive a reply from us in a week you should assume we did not receive your proposal; it might be lost in cyberspace! We suggest, then, to look for an alternative electronic route or resend.
So with so much junk constantly attacking your senses you realize how everything around us is really not meant to make sure we’re healthy. At least not for me.
I'm just paying my rent every day
The blue sail boat was intended to be the lining for a blue hat for Luca. But it was a little too small, and actually looked quite ridiculous, so Julia was only too happy to claim it.
Saute onions, tomato, garlic, mushrooms in a little olive oil spray in a skillet. Add tomato paste and cook a little longer.
My perspective, from the booth we were given (we do a trade deal with Popkomm, which represents at the SXSW trade fair), may have been skewed. We were almost in the corner of the hall, not terribly visible, between a royalty-collection service and an only-in-Germany merchandise provider called Deaf and Dumb, who were giving away t-shirts featuring a huge, well, it was hard to tell what it was, which wasn't a great advertisement for their printer. It appeared to be a star with wings, and I guess that's what it was. Once their freebie t-shirts ran out, so did their visitors. I wonder if they are even minimally aware of how bad the name of their company is: not only is it offensive to handicapped people (having had a father with tympanic sclerosis, I'm maybe a bit sensitive to all issues around hearing-loss), but giving a company a name which implies it can't hear you and is stupid to boot can't bring in many English-language-savvy customers. We were directly across from Music Catalonia!, whose impressive booth featured a mirrored wall with the group's logo on it, and it was a gas watching people coming into the hall stop to check that their image was right before walking on.
Has he actually asked them?
12. After You’ve Gonne (3:31)
I apologize for the "deer in the headlights" look and the blurriness of the photo. Still need a digital camera, but my iPhone will have to do for now. Aubree is at that stage where I can't get her to sit still for a picture unless she can see herself on the screen-- and that usually results in funny faces anyway ;) The pants do seem to ride up a bit on the inseam, so next time I will have to remember to add a bit extra, but overall I am quite pleased as this was my first time attempting pants! (I did make a pair of boxer shorts for my mom in high school but that.... is another story!
To the traditional rabbis, this court represents the Earth. Linen, they say, grows out of the earth, and explains why this court was surrounded by the linen fence. The Earthly realm has an extremely limited connection with God, just as the Outer Court did.
he worked hard all his life and he was of course rewarded. He prospered
Secondly, this band (2GHz) allows for denser cell spacing which means more ‘bits per user’ is possible (also argument for the importance/value of the band used by Clearwire/WiMAX http://www.forbes.com/sites/joanlappin/2011/08/19/everybody-covets-that-clearwire-spectrum/print/, but that’s another story…). The 2GHz band frequencies travel a shorter distance which is what allows the tighter spacing and better frequency reuse within the band. If Sprint were not so cash strapped, they would jump on the bandwagon (IMHO).
For I cant live with out the shapes
ABOUT THE RESTAURANT and THE FOOD
My lack of internet interaction skills extend to me not checking my blog’s email addresses as well. I checked my blog mail after a long time, and was surprised by some of the news that I had in it, and apologetic of others that I had not responded to.
But the movie was really good. Upsetting at times but real good.
28. Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Other layout news. I've discovered FeedBurner, so I now have an RSS button on my sidebar, as well as an email subscription option. Things are coming along slowly, but I'm new to the blogging world; I jumped right into having my own blog after only a couple of weeks reading crafts blogs. I'm really learning as I go.
We mostly roast them to serve as side dish, but I am going to deep-fry to eat as snack.
She's right though, that's what counts. My friends went on honeymoon there and recounted how in public places tourists are constantly being harassed for money, whilst many Western women have to put up with improper attention and sexual comments. My friend was made a serious offer of several camels for his new wife on two occasions - but still, all cultures are equal, right?
Follow up with vinegar and cook for a further 6 to 7 minutes till the colour completely changes to dark brown. Don't forget to keep stirring in between.
To: phillips mathews
so they can be here in spirit with us;
Our first seasonal film took six of our Spring Summer 2011 campaign images, shot by renowned photographer Tim Walker, and used visual effects; animation, rotoscoping and repainting, to make the pictures come alive.
A historic stopping of the clock at Parliament to ram through 8 bills has also stirred worry. What is happening, are there hidden clauses that the BN wants to push through to further strengthen its hand ahead of the 13th general election? Maybe. It might also be that BN wants to clear as much of its in-tray as possible before dissolving Parliament.
Take the pastry out of the refrigerator and place one phyllo pastry sheet on your worktop. Using a cooking brush grease the sheet with some olive oil and place another one sheet on top.
OF course, western societies who killed millions shouldn't point fingers.
However, today, I found one thing that I can do that hubby can't.
Whoops.
18:45 Electronica Reykjavík - Open to all with Airwaves Bracelet
5. Chick-fil-A Chicken Nugget
11:09 PM – I found John Cena, and he is wearing my favorite chain. Cena makes his way to the ring with a determined look on his face and wraps that chain around his fist. Cena now begins to look hesitant, but after being ridiculed by both Lesnar and the crowd he signs the contract. As Lesnar exits the ring, Cena backs away from him. Will Cena be able to overcome his fear and defeat Lesnar on Sunday? Will he be able to take back what he loves most from two phonies?
*Estimate based on continuing support at current levels for cocoa sustainability programs in West Africa through 2017. On average, each cocoa farmer lives in a family with five other members. These programs are based on long-term partnerships with organizations that include USAID, USDA, USDOL, Cote d’Ivoire Cocoa Committee, numerous local and global NGOs, and the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. In addition, the Hershey supported CocoaLink mobile phone program is projected to reach 250,000 West African farmers during this period.
If you're on Twitter, please feel free to tweet about the challenge using the hashtag #eatingyourwords.
For dessert we had fruit salad and raw chocolate morsels from a recipe in Raw for Dessert by Jennifer Cornbleet. (reviewed here) The recipe I used was for Chocolate Cupcakes, and it was wonderful. Ever since I got my candy moulds, I've been obsessed with using them and this was the perfect recipe for making small-sized treats. (The moulds are fantastic, and if you are thinking about purchasing moulds, I recommend these.) After filling the moulds, I placed them in the freezer until the "cupcakes" were firm, then popped them out and stored them in a tightly sealed container in the freezer until serving time. They don't actually freeze, and are just right for eating right from the freezer. (More about these later.)
But here's my recommendation for you: order the nachos. For a mere $9.75, you will be served an entire platter of food that even three hungry eaters - my BFF Wendy, her sister Cheryl who was visiting from New York, and I - couldn't finish. Not that we didn't try valiantly! It's just that the portion was so generous that, despite being ravenous because we didn't manage to find our way to dinner until after 9 o'clock on our Girls' Night Out, we still couldn't eat the entire dish.
We have one of these wonderful collages in our London home, a piece of Baghdad from where my children's father was born on the eastern side of the Tigris river. The Babylonian Jews were exiled from Israel 2000 years ago and were the oldest Jewish community in the diaspora.
In addition to the wrongness of the initial incident, there is also the moral concern about the responsibility of the people who are supposed to keep an eye on such matters. While the head of the agency did resign, that hardly restores the wasted money and clearly does not undo the damage done by the incident.
Recently, I wrote about the freedom my kids have. I mentioned some of the extremes this freedom has taken us to as a family, while I emphasized that we usually experience balance. I said the following:
“Vi, I’m going to take a shower and get some stuff ready for work tomorrow. Should I wear a tie to my meeting, downtown?”
Meanwhile, since I missed last week's Weird Card Wednesday segment, I thought I'd pull another card from my childhood E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial collection for your amusement: #26 "Time for a Snack." (I feel like this card looks lately!)
It’s not that I haven’t anything to write. I must have 15-20 drafts in various stages of done-ity, and every time I read one of the several blogs I follow on WordPress, I get more ideas. I just don’t have the energy, or synergy, or whatever it takes, to finish them. I’m stuck here in my obesity, unable to walk more than a block without breathing hard, taking Slo-Niacin to get my cholesterol to come down because I’ve refused to take a prescription med for it. I’ve read here about the real problems other folks face and I am empathetic for them but not for me. My blood sugar level is great and all my other tests are normal. So what? BFD.
The proper way to prepare teh tarik is by pouring the strong milky tea at great height from one metal cup into another, a thunderous waterfall that creates a foaming bubble of froth. It's a traditional method not always practised in Sydney restaurants, and so I'm mesmerised as we watch the spectacular tea pouring process in action at Aseana Food Village.
“Bend over, bitch!”
unfortunate enough to put them on, you're just going to dance and
Combine brown sugar, water, and butter in a small saucepan; bring to a boil. Cook 1 minute, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in nuts and coconut. Spread over cake. Serve cake warm.
2. Highlight Detailing in Your Dress The length and material of the veil can be used to highlight certain parts of the wedding dress. The eye is drawn to the point where the veil ends. For example, a short shoulder length veil is ideal for accenting an elaborate neckline. If a dress has lace or detailed embroidery, a plain sheer veil may show the dress at its best advantage.
This morning I received the following email which I’ll post in its entirely below. Any suggestions for Kevin? I can only recommend checking out Planeta’s Volunteer Wiki.
This morning I woke up to a strange weather phenomenon: hovering over my street was a giant dark gray storm cloud, like the space ship in Armageddon. Beyond it, looking toward the library, a bright blue sky with puffy, cheerful white cumulus clouds.
BREAKFAST SHOW (RADIO 1)
Then, when you finished your business, you would take the sponge-stick, rinse it in the channel of running water at your feet, and without getting up or revealing anything, you would PUSH THE STICK THROUGH THE HOLE AT THE FRONT AND WIPE YOUR BOTTOM. That's what those holes at the front are for. And that's why the handle of the sponge-stick is so long. After a good wipe, you would rinse it again, stand up and leave it in the basin for THE NEXT PERSON TO USE. (Kids, don't try this at home.)
4. I am the eldest of four children, having three younger brothers.
I think a big part of why I don't look back on those projects with regret about the time I spent on them is that I always spoke up openly about what I thought was wrong and could be better. Most of the time people disagreed with me and didn't see the problems the same way I saw them. They didn't always agree with the solutions I was proposing. Fair enough. But because I spoke up and expressed my honest opinions I was able to sleep at night knowing that at least I had tried to help and I hadn't kept my feelings bottled up inside, festering away.
Please release
Richard Nash, Or Beau Nash as he later became called, transformed fashionable life in the city. He was a tremendous facilitator. He persuaded a Mr Harrison to build Assembly Rooms by the river; he set up subscriptions to cover teas and musicians. He organised gambling of all kinds. Gambling was practically a national obsession at the time, and was so widespread and ruinous that it threatened to destabilise the economy. But cards were also how Nash made his living. His post was prestigious but most unfortunately unpaid, thus he needed some means to fund his lifestyle. It is said that he swore most terribly when he was losing, but he usually won.
— Cockapoo Killed at the D.O.G. Boarding Facility in Putnam Valley — Westchester County
My card is quite unusual for me as it doesn't have a stamped or digi image but I quite liked this combination of pieces and didn't think I should add anything else.
One of the other things of note today, a robin feeding on sumac.
The other man hit young Mr. Kobayashi in the head hard enough to cause internal bleeding and, ultimately, his death five days later.
The visitors continued. We tried to get a picture with her being held by everyone who came up. Since most people reading this won't know any of these people, I won't be offended if you skip this part. It's for my eternal record so I'll never ever forget who to write out of the will because they didn't come see us.
IBM – Co. to buy Tealeaf Technology for an undisclosed price. (Reuters)
I just told a lie. Here comes Satan dragging me to the center of the town square and places a noose around my neck in preparation for my execution. Mean while all his demons begin chanting “somebody has to die, somebody has to die!” Suddenly out of the crowd of demons steps forth a man wearing a white hoodie (Yes, in my mind Jesus wears a hoodie lol). He removes the hood off His head and introduces Himself to me, “hello my name is Jesus, the Son of God.” The demons hiss and Jesus proposes this question to me, “would you like me to die for you?” Though shocked at His question I immediately say “yes!” The demons push me aside and quickly seize Jesus. Satan mocking Jesus says “being hung is not a suitable death for the Son of God, let us crucify Him!” I watch as Jesus is whipped and tormented on the cross and all He says to me is “you are forgiven and receive my eternal life.” I stand in amazement thinking “this man just took my punishment so that I won’t have to. He received death so that I can receive life.”
In the months before November, the president is expected to fly into multiple cities per week, and speak at multiple sites per day. On Mar. 8, for example, the president will fly to Richmond, and then drive over to a Rolls-Royce aircraft-parts factory. That evening, he’ll fly down to Houston, Texas.
A strong skeleton means a strong body, one that can keep you together and moving the rest of your life (which I wish you a long, healthy and happy one!). What keeps your skeleton strong? There are several things, but generally a plain and simple little mineral called calcium is what gives all the bones of your skeleton strength. Let’s talk, then, about what calcium does for your bones and how you can be assured that you get enough of it so your skeleton stays strong.
HLF has developed All Our Stories in support of the BBC’s The Great British Story – A People’s History. Presented by Michael Wood, the new series will be broadcast on BBC Two. All Our Stories will also feature in five BBC Learning events at flagship heritage locations, which will be run in tandem with the TV series, to get people involved with their local heritage.
So, people who actually know a lot about the sport of soccer, and not just its geopolitical implications or the thigh girth of the leading players, are predicting this World Cup will be dominated by Spain, Portugal and Brasil (uh ya no duh). But, till they’re eliminated, I’ve got Mexico, South Africa and Algeria on my mind. Anyway, who wants to grab a quick pre-work beer with me on Friday to catch the opening game? Cool, I’ll see you at Nevada Smith’s at 7 AM. That’s officially too early to get date raped, right?
and Mario & Yoshi in Europe and Australia, is a puzzle video game developed by Game Freak and published by Nintendo. The game was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System and Game Boy consoles. Both versions were first released simultaneously in Japan on December 14, 1991, and then released in all other regions the following year.
Well, ALMOST three
The UK document serves a different purpose to the Irish press release but if the CBI was pursuing a goal of increasing transparency and instilling confidence it really is put to shame by the quality of the UK document. Let’s hope the performance at the Lansdowne Road tomorrow is better.
Because this is the Steven Moffat version of a Russell T Davies story, most of the running and shouting is replaced by standing around and giving dramatic speeches.
With that I awoke. Looking back, gramps was probably legitimately excited; he wanted me to finally meet grandma.
Kegged: 01-27-2008
“He’s a punk!”
“No, it’s…”
Terrace? Who needs a terrace when the sun is shining? Bring a bottle and a blanket and head to Buttes Chaumont Park or the canal.
But, having been in Auckland for a month now and being unable to find a pool close enough to conveniently and frequently get to, I’ve had to find something else to do. (Not counting my bike commutes up & down steep volcanic cones.)
And finally, God has been good to allow me to play a healed wrist for the midweek Oasis service these past three weeks, and also play and lead worship for two hours on Saturday at an event at our church.
I asked at two more places. Homes, this time. At the first place they were sitting outdoors, the man, his wife moving some hay, the kids playing, some other guy working by the wall. I was very discreet and indirect, dropping hints. Is there a place to stay somewhere here? Just sleep, actually, since I have my own stuff. No, no, not a hotel, a school maybe? A post-office? There’s a hotel 2k down the road, he said, or try the town you just left behind. I asked directly at the next place, using the single largest Kannada sentence I knew, nanage illi ondu ratri irrakolakke jaaga kodake aggatta? will it be possible to give me a place to stay here for one night? Not caring for even the effort I’d taken to memories and say that, he said a prompt no.
I typically am not a mean person. It's in my genes to be a people pleaser. I blame my mother (or I should probably thank her).
As many of you may know when it comes to sewing the main expert on that in this family is Jon! Last summer I tried to conquer the sewing machine and even made a couple of toss pillows, which came out great, but in the end me and the sewing machine decided we were better off as friends.
On the streets, the people move through it like the walking dead
I’m definitely not crying wolf here. While I don’t know exactly when rates will begin their rise again, I’m very comfortable in saying that it is when, and not if, which applies to that event.
for empty flasks
The Troubador Magma is a great Belgian IPA because it has the body of a triple but what gives it the big IPA style is of course the hops! The massive fruity aroma come from the dry hopping process with American hops which are so popular today! It's a beer of incredible balance and flavour and I'm trying to get more for The Rake! Love it!
We are writing regarding reports that Forest City Ratner is requesting funds
And what do you know? It was a draw.
Stay away from my stove!
21. Jetsons
That aside now, it is hard to fathom as an elder of rich midwifery experience and many more years with life experience, how midwives, the very people who nurture the mother and her baby can contemplate disrupting the human rights of any woman. The right to be in her quiet, protected space, the place where she finds it safe to journey with her womanly‐mammalian strengths through growing, giving birth and mothering her new baby.
Anyway Filmgoer and I decided that we would just combine our funds and get them a bunch of stuff rather than one big gift. My only rule was that if there was a "Monkey" version of said item, then we get it. That has been drilled into my head for years by my mother, "Baby shower + our family= monkeys". I'm guessing it's a good luck thing for us but I wasn't planning on going against it. So together we bought a potable bouncy chair, some shampoo, toys, pacifiers, teething rings, towels and receiving blankets. We were going to buy more, but we then realized that when the kid was born we would still be spoiling him not matter what so it would be better to just wait and get him more stuff later. Dreamer got some stuff on his own, specifically the highlight he gave them was his own teddy bear which he named "Tibbers", which I think is from League of Legends. I'm not sure since I don't play.
Poll 89: "In "The Hidden Reality", Brian Greene says: 'That the Many Worlds approach leads to an exceptionally rich picture of reality is no more a black mark against it than the rich diversity of life on earth is a black mark against Darwinian natural selection.'" Poll ended December 31, 2011. 78.5% chose "I agree with him" as their response, while the remainder said they did not agree.
- I love snow.
Dr. G even came in, Troy
One of my college besties, Ash, started a blog, and I loved reading it and kept thinking how special it was going to be for her to get to have all of her memories documented on her blog! I apprehensively started one, got a little slow start, had some commitment issues, and sometime this past summer, things just clicked! I've been going strong ever since! I find so much joy in blogging! It's a great outlet for me, and I've connected with some wonderful blogger friends!
down your window pain sits still while we think at will
Jack took longer to be able to heal himself and only when he completes the acts of liberating "the monster"/Locke on "Island" and Locke in the Sideways" was he able to see truth and free himself. I believe this is why we're led to believe "MIB" "assumed" Locke's ID; it was because Jack had to literally face the one person/Locke on the "Island" who represented his opposition/negative, the one who challenged him most.
Not houses of peace indeed are you, nor any nor all their prosperity,
together we flee
Asset Purchase 10
stop demanding that I multi-task to *get more done*,
Published: January 27, 2012
* Strips of paper
Do try the new button (3) which changes the view of the recipe list.
8. Do you have a favorite Bible Verse that get's you through the rough spots? Share?
The warm embrace that no one knows
7. "Gravity's Rainbow" by Thomas Pynchon
We visited the workshop of a pottery store, where the two of them acquired first-hand experience in making shīsā! After choosing a favorite bisque shīsā, they each decorated the pottery with their favorite colors. They were supposed to use HiroC and OnoD’s jumpsuits as a template and paint the shīsā corresponding yellows and blues, but in the end, as you can see, the shīsā were decked out in these mysterious metallic colors…
Some would argue that a trip to the barber is wasted on me, but I still need to get rid of the shaggy stuff on the sides and back from time to time unless I want to look like a B-list Hollywood director.
So, to summarise, if things turn ugly, there appears to be room for fiscal policy, but not monetary policy, in Bangladesh.
Flawless. Or so I thought. It'll make an impression AND he'll realize he forgot to toss the clothes in the laundry AND while pleasantly giggling to himself he'll go and do just that. Problem solved.
Hello everyone… I hope you’re having a great week!
2a) The first one can be whatever you want.
There is a door to the temple. At either side of the door is a guardian. Tall and unmoving.
The more women were infatuated with him, the more respect and admiration they laid on his doorstep, the more his resentment, hatred and vitriol seemed to fester.
Train and Grow
This year I re-read parts of Dinesh D’Souza’s book “What’s So Great About Christianity?” In that book he warns about a new atheism that is infecting our society as a whole, but, more importantly, it is affecting many of our young people in colleges and universities.
I heard the story of Mitt Romney and his memory lapse at an incident of bullying. The story is he and some fellow high school classmates held down a boy with longish blond hair, and Mitt cut the boy’s hair. Mitt says he doesn’t remember the incident. I'm the same age as Mitt and while I never assaulted a classmate in such a physical fashion, in those unenlightened days I mocked an effeminate boy, which made others laugh at his expense. I carry the guilt to this day. I’ve never forgotten a cruelty done to me, nor any cruelty I did to another. They tend to stick in my mind. I’ve even had to purge myself to a therapist about the ones that cause me the most guilt.
For this weekend, we just need to confirm the wine and collect the maps. I see our wedding tasklist getting shorter =)
03 Let 'Em In
Following the momentous passing of Eric Rohmer, Chabrol appears to have become the next French New Wave luminary to bite the dust.
Now that quite a few people have read The Mapmaker and the Ghost, I feel like I can finally share my dreamcast for the (maybe-one-day-there'll-actually-be-a) movie!
Imagine, if you will,
I get so breathless, when you call my name,
Efficacy of Mobile Technology in Student Competency Tracking (MDCL 1008)
They should have had them dropped into a sewage treatment plant wearing suits made from dead fish...I can hear her now: Is that lavender?
“Tee-Tee!” I heard a familiar voice scream: it was Alexis! She and a BUNCH of other people ran into the room, holding baseball bats and bottles.
Those opposed say leashes are for dogs.
Had some fun playing with them toys, and I just need to reread the rules now away from the table to get ready for the campaing. I shall paint a few more gladiators while I´m at it. There are two retiarius waiting on the workbench and I guess they´re next.
I went for a long walk.
You report her missing, but the cops don't seem to care much, she hasn't been gone that long. At night you see horrible nightmares about Winnie getting raped by satyrs while she begs you to rescue her from their grasp.
I've never been ashamed to admit I'm a vampire fan. And while I read many Vampire related books this year there were only two standouts that used these creatures in new and interesting ways. The Passage has an vampire epidemic of Epic proportions and feels very much like a Stephen King novel in all but name. Time will tell if Cronin can make the complete trilogy as strong, but he has a knack for working in the human factor and making you care about each and every character. The Griffith's The Greyfriar took me aback because I didn't expect to like it nearly as much as I ended up. One normal strike is the Romance aspect, but the pulp sensibilities just overtook the narrative and provided a few hours of enthralling reading pleasure. If you're just looking for a good time The Greyfriar will provide that much needed escape in a very well stylized world.
19. Celebrated my sister’s retirement. Actually, we’re still celebrating.
“Penfold, are you saying…”
your 2 people are strangers, so how do they have each others addresses? maybe thru an advert? maybe one found the others wallet and it had an address inside? maybe thru a penfriend organisation??
Verse 19,
... that honesty received when you specifically ask for it is just as valuable as good advice, even if it's not exactly what you want to hear.
Yet that play also contains a profound plea for tolerance that the anti-Israel lobby would do well to heed: "Hath not a Jew eyes? If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die?"
Allow to cool completely before putting into boxes. These freeze well, so feel free to make them now then save them until the big day.
Here is an example of one that I found on Artful Affirmations blog :)
You'll be blessed
Iris Johansen, WHAT DOESN’T KILL YOU
Male-dominated as it may seem, the film is paean of a man for his dead wife, an object of love even in death. He is so broken in spirit that he rushes out of his car in remorse to kick a birch tree. Director Fedorchenko stated in his press conference at the Venice film festival: “The slogan of the film was tenderness. We wanted tenderness to be transformed into nostalgia; tenderness and nostalgia were to become synonymous with love. This feeling, this representation of the Merjan, was something we felt the whole time we were staying in that region. Also the names of the rivers bring us back to the Merjan people, and the expression on the women’s faces us reminds us of that people, that there was something different. We wanted to recreate this world that didn’t exist any longer, but was constantly present with us.”
The checklist is probably only 20% filled. But the closet is significant and probably represents a good 40% of what we need to do.
Finally, I gave in and used my doppler after I thought I felt a movement. As soon as I ran it across my belly, Jude kicked it. He seems to like doing that every time I use the doppler. It didn't take me long to find his heartbeat. Daniel timed it at 140 bpm. After that, he seemed to wake up a bit more, and then he got the hiccups. :) I love his hiccups.
Sol vingt de taurus si fortterretrembler.
with local Mali organizations;
:: Church Membership :: We officially became members of our church, Grace Presbyterian in Yorba Linda. It has taken us a few years to find a church that we really feel comfortable with and that also shares the same doctrinal values. We are very blessed to say the least.
God has promised that he will fulfill the purpose that he has for you. Are you ready to live for God? How have you experienced the fulfillment of God’s purpose in your own life? I love hearing from you!
Embarrassed, she took a step back and hurriedly gathered her things. Increasingly aware of what could have happened she asked Richie not to tell Laila anything. A couple of minutes later Raina was rushing down the stairs and rushing to the station, not sure where to go. She couldn’t go home stinking of weed and drunk, her mother was sharp and she’d be in more trouble than she was in the mood for – so she just sat on the train glad she didn’t do anything stupid with Richie.
On the topic of Gnosticism, this idea has fallen out of vogue as of late. Though believing that Peter was not the author of 2 Peter, Bauckham lay this accusation to rest when he wrote:
To get right to the punch, we haven't been doing great with our spending "fast" lately. Some unexpected expenditures have seemed to pop up this month that we didn't work into our plan (gifts, baby shower, wedding, etc).
Lastly, I also take strolls and leisure walks. If you move for me, I will definitely move for you. In the meantime, I’ll use my cat-like reflexes to dodge your walking manoeuvres so as not to inconvenience you.
Spoon the rice into the eye mask. You don't want it too full...it should be able to drape a bit. (You could add some lavender in there too, but my mom prefers unscented...it's better for her migraines.)
Overall my gluten free experience has been wonderful.
Tamara: Tamara Amalia Jorvi-Karashan. And yours?
Stir together the flour, the wheat germ, the salt, and the baking soda.
And while the figs on my tree aren't ripe yet, there are hundreds of them coming soon - if the birds don't get them first. So much as I love figs, I'm not paying $1.50 each at the market.
Toni (no details for you Toni...)
and sitting…
iTunes Match is available 37 countries worldwide today, according to a support document published by Apple. It is rumored that the service will roll out in Japan soon as well, but there’s no specified date for it.
We have taken the latter course as a culture. So there is mass confusion today—even in the evangelical church—over whether the Bible is true and over how far we should go in obeying it.” -Alistair Begg, The Hand of God
It’s a knowing wink to the audience, and this kind of fourth wall acknowledgment is used throughout THE MUPPETS, which adds to the general pleasantness of the film. Miss Piggy is last on the list of Muppets to bring back into the fold, with Kermit actually willing to not go after her. The others protest and they’re off to Paris. When Mary tells Walter they can’t drive to Paris in a car, the Muppets tell her they can do it if they “drive by map,” and we see an image of a map pop up with the traditional hand-drawn route line taking us quickly from LA to France.
After a few days of this I noticed my skin started to take on a different appearance. A glowing golden look that was kind of nice when I put some coconut oil on it. I also noticed some leaves appeared on the trees and some grass growing. Then I thought perhaps..if grass could grow, maybe flowers would..so I planted some. My neighbours did the same and now it's just a beautiful colourful paradise in my neighbourhood! What a miracle!
Parents, teachers, community leaders and police officers are now referring children and young adults who they feel may be at risk of being radicalised by groups such as the English Defence League.
No need to.
This morning as I marked off my checklist, I realized I was feeling sad. I didn’t get all the laundry and housework done. I didn’t get out and have fun. There were no particularly defining moments that I wanted to etch in my brain. There were no apologies needed for drunken behaviour either. Hell, I didn’t even so much as touch a drop of alcohol (not that it’s important that I do, but hey, it was the weekend and normally I do have a drink or two).
The concurrence even offered legal advice to parolees seeking relief in the future, declaring that while a habeas corpus writ "does not provide an adequate remedy at law ... to compel the Board to comply with its ministerial duty," a "mandamus clearly does. And in response to any future alleged violations on mandamus, as time is of the essence, it may be necessary and appropriate for TDCJ and the Board, through their legal representatives, to appear before us in person to answer any allegation that Morrissey’s mandate is being disobeyed."
YO GABBA GABBA! LIVE!: It’s Time to Dance! Presented by Kia Motors promises to be a memorable experience, featuring a mix of classic Yo Gabba Gabba! favorites, as well as new songs and new performances. The state-of-the-art, high-energy production features DJ Lance Rock, Brobee, Foofa, Muno, Plex and Toodee, and a mix of music, animation, games, singing and dancing.
Norwex microfiber is a blend of polyester and polyamide. This fiber is 1/100th the size of a strand of human hair. When this high-quality microfiber is combined with the right knitting process, it creates an extremely effective cleaning material. This material can hold up to seven times its weight in matter. Used dry the static effect created enhances the microfiber’s ability to attract dirt and dust particles. As you lightly wipe the surface, the microfiber attracts and draws up even the smallest particles of dust, trapping them in the fibers. Used wet the microfibers work together to give an excellent cleaning effect. Wet, wring and wipe away dirt and debris from all washable surfaces. For spot removing, spray water on the surface being cleaned. Norwex microfiber is backed with an exceptional Warranty of 2 years or 500 washings.
It is enlightening to see how many mistakes you have made - some typos, some bad continuity, some obscurity that need not be so obscure, some toning this way and that, some turnings round of clauses or sentences. The one good thing is that you are now free of the original text except as backstop. You are no longer looking up words and checking references. You've done all that. From now the translated book has to flow as a book. It is the voice you have found for the book being consistent to itself primarily, perhaps exclusively. You are no longer constructing the engine, you're hearing it purr and listening out for mistiming and other odd noises.
I worked hard at it.
Our society and my Congregation, need to take back the full use of the word ‘No’. We need to reintegrate ‘No’ into our vocabulary, into our thoughts – as ‘okay’. ’No’ is a strength. ’No’ is a way of properly upholding our agreed upon boundaries. When respectfully used, ’No’ isn’t diminishing us, it strengthens us.
But first it started with a searing line of fireworks shooting up across the front of the stage (see image above). There were inflated floor-to-ceiling puppets with terrifyingly grimaced faces and fiery eyes, arms and legs clawing at us. There was the overprotective mother, looming over the stage, arms crossed over an ample bosom. On the wall were the words ‘Big Brother’s Watching You’ with the ‘Br’ crossed out and replaced by an ‘M’ to read ‘mother’.
Thank you for letting us know your concerns. I think you will be happy to know that the film explicitly states:
I fell on top of a table,
We've had many fabulous sponsors along the way, and we know we couldn't have done it without them too. We invited them to join in our celebration and they have generously offered amazing prizes for our blog hop and challenge winners!!
"I guess not". I say, looking down from the bench at her and smiling. I step off from the bench and stand beside her. She laughs again. "You are almost green you know?!"
From ” A Course In Miracles” :
Please cross post to any groups or where it can be of help.The offer is free to animals displaced because of Katrina. The only time I would have to charge would be two weeks at Thanksgiving and three weeks at Christmas, otherwise, there is no charge.
I’ll admit it, some days I wanted to just get on the couch and watch some more Entourage. The weather, the darkness, the comfy couch…
Some time in the next week or so, I will post damage photos. I had a chance to survey and shoot damage inside a destroyed home in Aurora, Nebraska (and offered the shots to the Lincoln newspaper.) It's quite a heartwrenching thing, and it's difficult to understand the kinds of damage that tornadic winds can produce without seeing it yourself.
KNOWLEDGE STANDARD
According to the Boston Globe, the residence has been at various times the Palm Hotel, a bordello, the Franciscan House of Studies, and a condo. Rumor has it that the top floor is haunted.
In celebration, Every Last Kiss will be a FREE Amazon Kindle download today and tomorrow. You can find it here.
Cardi: Lands End
If you haven't ever been to roller derby, I assure you it is QUITE the experience. While I still have absolutely NO idea what the rules are, it was still pretty entertaining to watch. Let me tell you, there are plenty of opportunities to people watch at an event like that!
I made three different casserole recipes. Each recipe made two family-size servings. This leaves me with dinner for tonight and five other meals for when I go back to work.
I planted a giant sunflower out of its (greenhouse seeded) pot in May, thinking how lovely the vision that, in a summer like 2005, 2004, 2001 or 1998 (‘Global warming’ years) it might set seed to feed finches by autumn.
Wednesday, March 18 8:00 p.m. @ Lamberts (401 W 2nd St)
A longing to be
It is wonderful that Rauschenberg and John Cage decided one day to cover the wheels of a Model T with ink and run it over a long sheet of paper in the street. It is still a famous fact that he erased a De Kooning but did it in a way that was not offensive or juvenile. He drank whiskey, a lot of whiskey – always Jack Daniels. When he was to have an exhibition at the now defunct and worthy of study Stable Gallery (paging all grad students) in the fifties, he and Twombly had to clean out its basement themselves. In a world of Abstract Expressionism, he decided to illustrate Dante, put a tub of mud in a gallery, and make a paining out of dirt and grass (he watered it himself). And then there is this, absolutely priceless: Leo Castelli and U.S. officials had to sneak his painting into the main pavilion of the 1963 Venice Biennial at night so that the French would consider it for the prize. They did consider it, and Rauschenberg won.
It may seem like a dream to you (dream career, dream life, etc.) but perhaps that’s only because it’s been so long since you imagined it. May I humbly suggest that you study the blueprints of your life with the Master Designer who created them?
Assignment Operators from “Programming in Objective-C 2.0: Second Edition”:
With selfless faith, with selfless faith
Rather than pouches in combination with wrist strap in a wide array while using izes and shapes get this the distinctive case.
Anyway, i'm back!!! At the moment to be honest I feel ok about how I look. I'm not totally depressed by it. I think i'm in a pretty healthy place. In the main i'm eating well, not over eating and i'm exercising regularly but not to the point of exhaustion. However, I have my Graduation Ball in 4 weeks timeeee!!!!!!!! And I would really love to lose some weight by then. I have my dress. It's a UK size 10. Probably massive to some of you. I would have liked to have been able to get an 8 but hey I'll take a 10!!!! I've had to buy size 14s in the past. I think I would feel a little more confident wearing it and looking back at pictures if I was a bit smaller.
Special stitch:
Sometimes, voicemail can be a blessing. Other times, it only delays the inevitable.
I know we have some friends who lurk on here but are painfully shy at actually contacting us. Just want to let you know we miss you. Email me already with your info!
A Family Affair
Odell Brewing Company Odell Double Pilsner
You stand up for yourself,
Yeah… ouch. I got all the pain over with in one dose, and then basically started over.
Last week, I found pieces of my heart that I didn’t even know were there.
Vanessa: Has anyone so tiny ever been so fearless, so tireless, so willing to go the extra mile? Everyone knows when they’ve been playing against Vanessa, especially when they are looking up at her.
Date: October 12, 2011
When the Lord revealed Himself to the chief persecutor, his attitude changed immediately. Acts 9:6 informs us that he trembled and was astonished. That is, he was amazed but that particular word is associated with terror, facing certain death. This was bad news indeed. He had nowhere to turn, especially being blind.
Burton also mentioned a “six-figure” Democrat donation/bribe to Jesse Jackson to buy his silence about Israel. On October 14, 2008 Jackson told fellow attendees in at the World Policy Forum in Evian France a ‘President Obama’ would “remove the clout of Zionists who have controlled American policy for decades.”
If you all remember I was doing "Take The Weight off Tuesdays" I'll be 100% honest, I haven't done well at all since I haven't been feeling well. I did one workout and couldn't finish it. I still want to try to lose the weight I wanted plus the weight I gained. I'm now at 167.8 :( I'm just going to take it slow for now. I'll be eating every 3 hours again (I know that will take the pounds off without working out) and we will see how I feel. If I do anything I'll let you all know!
“(She) still has that naive girlishness, offers excellent sweet young thing, girlfriend experience….Advance booking for (her) is required, don’t leave it to least minute booking as it always almost won’t work!”
Place peels, seeds or leaves (tear the leaves) in to jar. If you don't have enough to stuff the jar full, it can be added to over time. Pour vodka, moonshine or rum over them. The stronger the alcohol the better. Tightly screw on the lid, then set out of your way and out of your mind for a week, vigorously shake. Do this for four weeks. Strain and place into a separate jar. Do not open near a flame.
To quote from Lucas in the Huffington Post,
Ribbon or twill tape (I used two metres and it fit 15 triangles, also make sure it's thick as it just makes it easier).
However, any possibility that the French authorities could interview the prime minister of a sovereign state concerning bribery allegations is extremely slim – although the question could complicate any of Najib’s future plans to vacation in Europe.
-Steven Wright
I never heard of The String Cheese Incident before; so I went on YouTube to check some of their songs. Those songs I heard have bluegrass tinge to them; and bluegrass is definitely NOT my cup of tea. But it seemed I also had some serious misconception of “raves.” I thought they were “happenings” where participants got stoned out of their mind. If they can also hoop, then raves are good and bless The String Cheese Incident.
In Beshty’s work, things happen, the outcomes can even be surprising or even beautiful, but the work never escapes or fails to acknowledge the conditions which led to its creation. The camera, the darkroom, and the nature of photography are good places to enact his views of the world. After all, mechanisms, chemicals, printers, and darkrooms are all conditions that contain the action of an abstract, unknowable entity called the photographer. We see the marks of the people stepping on the glass but don’t know anything about them.
I spent a fabulous six months dating this guy named Jared. We had a great time together and we laughed all the time. He let me talk his ear off about my obsession with Musicals and David Bowie's hair from Labrynth and I think he actually enjoyed it.
Demick, Sluty, and Whitmire run the three man weave
The one time god created itself in our image
So after the braiding is done, you need to lay things out to sew. Here are the ends of the scarf. You have a braid (1), a solid piece (2), and a braid (3) and that same thing on the other end (4, 5, 6). With all the braiding, the solid piece ends up being longer than the braided pieces. That's okay. You can snip that off because you'll need it later.
A Canadian woman and three children were recently murdered in yet another islamic so called "honor killing", there were plenty of warnings that these people were in danger (in their own home), but Canadian authorities utterly failed to act on those ample warnings out of fear that perpetually offended muslims would become "offended". The girls were killed by their father, the murdered woman was one of his "wives" (islam permits and encourages polygamy, along with murdering fellow muslims deemed "un-islamic" - when a muslim murders members of his own family in accordance with the brutal misogynistic sharia law, it is called an "honor killing"), the murderer freely and proudly admitted what he had done, and also admitted that he did it for islam. Via Closet Conservative:
* Php8.5M
If we were to be honest, we would all say that none of us would like to be considered poor in spirit, or be caught in the midst of mourning. Meekness is considered a sign of weakness and in America Hunger and Thirst for righteousness is replaced by hunger and thirst for worldly acceptance. It is very difficult to be merciful and pure in heart for our hearts are always seeking to satisfy our own needs; and we are not willing to make peace if that peace requires that we would submit to someone else’s authority. We do not want to be made fun of, or persecuted, or bad mouthed… Yet all of these things the LORD calls blessed!
I give thanks for dazzling writing - reading Anne Michaels' Fugitive Pieces.
Article 70
Here Comes The Sun- The Beatles- A beautiful song to begin the album with. Louise’s version is very subtle, yet powerful to belt out some of the notes displaying her fantastic range. I really enjoy Louise’s version.
The ex-serviceman, who was wearing a poppy, was attacked on November 1 but police have only just released information about the incident.
Or swings wildly in maddening staccato
The story goes back and forth between the present and the past when his foster daughter lived with him and his wife. Melissa is a 15-yr.-old daughter of alcoholic parents who goes into foster care when her mom dies, leaving her all alone. She feels like she hit the jackpot when she first sees her new home that looks like a mansion and the two nice people, the Jacksons, who are taking her in. The church friends of the Jacksons are eager to meet her but she has very low self-esteem and doesn't think anyone would ever want to be her friend. All the main characters in this book, Jackson and his wife, Linda, her friend Joanne, and Melissa are all deceitful, but Melissa is the only one of them who does not profess to be a Christian.
Like they say,:When the going gets tough, only the tough can get going.
And writing is loving and praying and wishing and lashing and letting go of all the things that make you write...
I was a tad put off by this challenge so chickened out and went with the greys option...Maybe for my next sample I will try something a little more challenging!!
So, about a week in, I started raising my eyebrows about this dude. He had all the appearances of a potential "Mr. Right," but some things just weren't adding up. One of those things was when I called him for an unexpected "lunch" date and I went to his house for the first time. Aside from the fact that he didn't show me around the place, he also had "plumeria" scented hand wash and lotion in his guest bathroom. Now, I appreciate a pimp's game as much as a fellow pimp can, but, "Dude, you expect me to believe bitches ain't coming over here on the regular? Or that your mysterious ass don't live with some chick?" I asked him about it, he said it was "for the guests." Right, nigga. Let's just fuck so I can get back to work. Again, not knocking the hustle, knocking the liar.
I've used some of the Sweet Christmas Magnolia stamps on this coloured with of course Copic pens.
This is a virtual world designed for the ages of 13+. It is a role playing game like virtual world. Teen Second Life is filled with a number of games and activities that appeal to a wide range of people. You do need to set the maturity level to general to reduce settings for appropriateness. The site is free to play but membership has its privileges; a one-time fee. You get to create your own personal avatar. This site is pretty cool to wonder around in and meet people and interesting places. Much like the adult version of the site, Teen Second Life has some powerful tools that allow you to design your own objects in world.
!/2 inch fresh ginger, peeled and cut into fine matchsticks
From Avery:
Brumby chuckled… or was he clearing his throat. “Pizza does have a universal appeal, Mr… My apologies, I neglected to get your name, young man.”
Currently there is no way to focus on a specific race to work on for your projects. If the current project for a certain race is a rare one that you want to prioritize, it doesn’t make any difference for the digsite that is given to you. However, the continents tend to have more types of ruins than others. For example, Kalimdor is loaded with Night Elf ruins – it was very rare for me to not have one up for my four available digs.
Fortunately, my trusty Cuttlebug and PTI alpha die set worked perfectly for cutting the letters. I have to say that I love my manual die cutting machines and use them way more often than the electronic beast.
They all played stonking sets, you can follow the links for their music.
While John Christopher's novels take place against a backdrop of cataclysmic world events they are all focused on people. In the case of No Blade of Grass, Mr. Christopher tells the story of David and John, two brothers. David inherits the family farm, located in an idyllic valley far removed from urban London where John lives with his wife and two children and works as an engineer designing large construction projects. The two couldn't be more different.
Veronika Decides to Die - Paulo Coelho
I'm grateful that author Harvey Araton has shared with us some autograph insights about the two stars of his new title.
We hope others can get as much enjoyment out of the clothes as we have had in creating them.
Design must be new
Pretend he’s Parson Brown? Is that like Burnt Sienna, or Raw Umber? They can make a brown snowman. They don’t have to pretend. Someone should make a brown snowman.
Fortunately for me, that's only real life.
Today I woke up and decided to try denim on denim. After years of not liking it much, apparently I've jumped on the bandwagon, and I was totally loving my outfit today. The lady at Chick-Fil-A even told me she liked my style, then I got a free chocolate shake sample, so today was totally a win.
Many thanks also to all who follow, subscribe, like and comment on my pages. Much love, everyone.
What planet does this man live on?
The digital world has made numbers a subjective measurement, which has both raised the importance of, and exploded, the idea of connection. And whether its using birds, music, or pictures of each other’s kids, it's more important than ever to find ways to connect people and build communities.
We've been having ridiculously nice & unseasonably warm weather here - the high today was 79! In March - in Minnesota! Not normal but you won't see me complaining =) So that's just one of my excuses why I haven't gotten more done lately LOL.
March 2012 - Page Loads 32,280 Unique Visits 21,456
OG: 18 Plato
Now wish me luck, and enjoy your Friday!
Mar 1
- Scraping glue off my kitchen floors until 1am in preparation for new, fantastic, beautiful floors that were installed monday
After seeing the above doodle angel pattern by Birgit, my friend wanted me to make angle pins for all the ladies who will be attending her sister-in-law's baby shower. I was more than happy to help out my friend. In this quest, I made two different angels with white beads because she told me that the whole decor is pink and white because it is a baby girl.
to get together with the two or three friends (girls) that he has made (who are
Usually, I just nod in agreement when someone expresses their desire to deploy, fully knowing that they’ll never really leave once they’ve been there.
WARNING: before you read any more, please note that I have included the full name of a new beer, and it might be offensive to you. If you object to use of strong swearwords, click away now. Thanks.
- there's not THAT much cat hair on this shirt, I can still wear it again
A few months after we had moved, we were told our house had been torn down. Less than a year from then, three lives were lost and one of them was my brother. It was like watching a tear jerker movie only this time it happened for real. It was hard to believe that what the house used to represent was now turned into a tragedy, hurting not just one family , touching not just one’s soul to its very core.
"Poverty, gangs, drugs, crime, low graduation rates, teen pregnancy — you name it, Englewood has it," said Kenneth Hutchinson, the school's director of college counseling, who was born and raised in Englewood.
Brazil nuts are one of nature’s best sources of selenium, an important mineral for the health of your scalp. Walnuts contain alpha-linolenic acid, an omega-3 fatty acid that may help condition your hair. They are also a terrific source of zinc, as are cashews, pecans, and almonds. A zinc deficiency can lead to hair shedding, so make sure nuts are a regular on your healthy hair menu.
Both the tragedy and the mystique of the Titanic figure strongly in all of our minds, and it is no surprise that they are a looming influence upon The Millionaire’s Special. For in setting it aboard a doomed ship – and no, that is not a spoiler (unless of course, you have not seen either the film directed by James Cameron or the recent television series written by Lord Fellowes; and curiously, I have steadfastly seen neither, so I had no idea that the ship sank) – Gauntlett not only faces a challenge, but has to set one too. The challenge he faces is one of presenting an adventure in which there is an unavoidable deadline, one that neither he (as the author) nor the players (as the protagonists) can avoid. The challenge that he has to set is making the adventure interesting enough to divert the attention of the players away from the impending disaster.
I can’t fault Kassay entirely for this. After all he is young, and perhaps the impulse is to bring a little resolution and a little art historical positioning to a practice that is probably more at home in explanation-less experimentation and straight ahead aesthetics. With the ballet barre, suddenly we are allowed to think of performance, of metaphor, of the history of Rauschenberg, his performative collaborations, and his white paintings, the idea of a monochrome as blank surfaces or "landing strips" for dust, light and shadow. All of this is fine and will probably be developed by Kassay in the future, but you get the impression that he is ahead of himself, as everyone is currently of him.
Gulen, who has been labeled “the most dangerous Islamist in the world,” has amassed a fortune in excess of $25 billion for use in the restoration of the Ottoman Empire and the established of a New Islamic World Order.
10.7k - The right of conscience and the use of the democratic process within our congregations and in society at large
The boys are loving every minute of it. They love their baby sister but for them attending this fashion show would be a fate worse than death. We aren’t mean enough parents – we’re allowing them to stay home. Since they have worked their tails off at track it’s probably good for them to have a day to recover.
Allan watches everything with wide-eyed terror. Literally, everything. I think his face got stuck this way.
I could ramble for hours about the patchy knowledge I have, and how much I love physics, but I think instead I will stop. Instead, I am going to continue reading my random articles and expanding on what I know of star formation. As I wrote this, I remember this wonderful science blog that I haven’t visited in a while, due to another one taking my interest. At least now there will be a lovely amount of wonderful information to catch up on…
1. Sam Lacour (O) 39; 2. Carmin Garrity-Gemei (O) 41; 3. Tyler Gillman (CH) 48; 4. DJ Fredrich (CH) 53; 5. Dan Habilo (CH) 54; 6. Andy Perez (O) 54; 7. Joe Pugliesi (CH) 61; 8. Billy Vlad (CH) 63; 9. Nick Rodwell (O) 63; 10. Steven Daprino (O) 63.
Publication Date: December 2, 2011
But around here, I can still buckle a swash. Argh. So welcome to the Go(oglers) from Malaysia, who ranked 3rd among Wednesday’s international minions, beating out the Brits and Aussies and trailing only Canada. Congratulations, and welcome to the puzzle house. Curiously though, the search for Malaysian Snooch, returned some quizzical results. One returned this pic of Erica Campbell…
“No person shall… be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law.”
Oh, and note to self: there was an obscene amount of dust in that house when all of the furniture had been removed, must create a regime to make sure that does not happen in the new house – we both have too many allergies to be living with so much dust.
Together As One...
9pm — 11pm
"Come on Lisa; let’s go get an ice-cream".
How do you pray “genuine heartfelt prayers”? - Simply by keeping yourself in the love of God. If the love of God is in you, you will never pray hypocritical or selfish prayers. Just talk to your heavenly Father as candidly and intimately as a young child, nestled on Daddy’s lap, would talk to his earthly father. Let me ask you, How would you feel if every day your child pulled out a pre-written statement to dryly recite to you , rather than pouring out the events and emotions of that day? God wants to hear from your heart. When your prayer life is pleasing to God, He will reward you openly (Matt. 6:6).
Happy yarning everyone.
This place gives new meaning to “product placement.” And we paid to be bombarded with ads?? Why aren’t they paying us?
Frankfurt, Germany
ELEGANCE P6265
But if you get excited by living in a house that stands out from the crowd, a home that does things that most homes don’t, a home that you can fall in love with, then when the time comes to sell, you might find that “sold” sign out front a lot sooner than you’d thought.
So those who would claim that Pope Leo’s words can’t apply to geocentrism at the very least would have to admit that the Pope was, in that case, an incredibly bad communicator, since the very structure of his argument and even the authorities that he cites recall and parallel the arguments advanced by Galileo.
But not so the employees. Oh, sure, technically they can quit. But why should it be a choice between making a living – and dying?
Ink - Not Quite Navy, Soft Suede, Early Espresso
Dang..it's been a ROUGH week.
I will be away for a while.
OK, on to something more fun and uplifting!!! It's time for new WordArts!!! There a little different than my normal WordArts, but aren't they FUN!!! The spirals are so cool, and the clusters - those were a lot of fun to make. I hope you guys like them! I'm excited to see your layouts with my "Season Cluster WordArt". I have one in mind for the "fall" WordArt, with my oldest and his football uniform. I can see it now!
Bronze: Belgian Summer Ale, Great Adirondack Brewing Co., Lake Placid, NY
Once the story of the glyphs reached the web it also garnered a new following of "new agers" and self declared experts and theorists , for which the carvings validated their beliefs in nice colour photographs.
2 small butternut squash
After reading the above, WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
To be honest, I thought I would be met with some complaints. I didn't really expect that everyone would participate. I prepared myself to be disappointed. (Not very confident, huh!)
-Note color and volume
Despite Gardener’s claimed introduction to an older craft group – which Hutton points out is contested, and because of Gardener’s own subsequent gathering of sources and resources such as The Book Of Shadows, his forming of Covens and publicizing of his new organization, Gardener is nevertheless portrayed as the founding father of modern Wicca.
Although I don't always get this part right either, not criticizing other mothers who choose differently than I do is something I try to practice all the time. How can we quiet the harsh judgments of each other's parenting choices? We can replace them with thoughtful observations or questions that will help us grow and learn and be supportive of each other.
During the nineteenth century Freemasonry also found itself accused of
Dave Clark Five- Maze Of Love
Grilled Chickpea Quinoa and Spinach burgers can survive an open flame!
Something other than the meaning of the words, or the story, has to catch my mind for me to be interested further than one reading.
The embellishment cluster on the left has a few altered items. The canvas heart from Canvas Corp. is coloured with Victorian Velvet Distress ink and then misted with water. When dried, I stamped it with a music notes stamp from Hero Arts and Timber Brown Archival ink.
I said, “Doctor, we both know I have a busted clavicle and a hematoma. Nothing but a lot of rest will heal it, so I want to go home.” Hospitals make money off of testing you for things unrelated to your actual problem. It’s also called “defensive medicine” in the event you have the bad manners to die from something else while in their care.
I finally have a fantastic man in my life. He knows how I feel about marriage.
in the Medical, Law Enforcement and Military have
M. Trow studied history at university, after which he has spent years teaching. He is also an established crime writer and biographer, with a reputation as a scholar who peels away myths to reveal the true history behind them. Originally from Rhondda, South Wales, he now lives on the Isle of White.
For the right faith is, that we believe and confess: that our Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, is God and Man;
Amber Kingsnorth – Both. On one hand we don’t have a long company history behind us, or an extensive portfolio to demonstrate our skills. The need to prove ourselves only makes us work that much harder. We’re both professionally registered interior designers, and build on that accreditation through continued education and involvement in the design community.
“Death is a natural part of life.”
Reminder: The second "Sunlit Sunday" link up is this weekend. I hope you'll consider participating. You'll be able to do so as of Saturday at 7 pm, Eastern Standard Time. (The first "Sunlit Sunday" is here.)
I am not celebrating.
Can't wait to try the Nobu ephemeral restaurant at the Hotel Ritz opening for one month only on October 11th!
I’ve been e-mailing a Covenant of the Goddess officer, and just a few hours ago I received a response back from her, stating, “The Covenant doesn’t train for clergy. We trust that the coven belonging to the Covenant will train but to be honest, I find that most of the training is one person who is not and has never been clergy, training someone else. The training is usually spotty and frankly most professionally trained clergy in the larger religions don’t really recognize these credentials.” Which, you know, seeing as this is a spread out religion with no central bureacracy, so to speak, legitimacy is extremely hard to establish. Going through the Unitarian Universalist Church would basically be the best option, but to be endorsed, you have to be a UU and be involved in the congregation, of course. So, you know, crap! Plus, I’m not quite sure what it is about UU, but I just don’t particularly like it.
And as I say it louder I love how it sounds
I love working with sketch challenges and most of the time follow them exactly...but we all have to start somewhere right?..Well this week Mo's challenge was a sketch challenge and I have made a card for the challenge...this is what the sketch looks like:
Learning about D/s, growing and experimenting...
Weight? The hard working adult wren can tip the scales at around 12 grams, just shy of four cents worth. (3.1 grams per one pre-1982 copper penny)
Next morning the lodgers had returned, merrily chirruping away as they commenced the re- build. A very disgruntled and frustrated farmer went back on the roof with chicken wire in hand only to find those birds had been extremely busy and there was another completed nest in situ.
Fennel salmon salad
new (1 yr old) tv in family room running but.....
Color and Colorful
Shoulder to shoulder
Weyermann Cara Munich III 12 oz.
Sometimes I get sucked into the blog vortex. You know the one, I'm sure you've danced around the edges of it too. The vortex that says followers are good, but more followers are better! Monetize! Advertise! Run a giveaway to boost your page views!
However, we didn't leave Enjoy Life Cookies completely behind after all. Much to our surprise when inquiring about food allergen safe dessert options at a couple locations at Disney World and aboard the Disney Dream Cruise Ship, we were offered two packs of Enjoy Life's soft baked chocolate chip cookies! When visiting Magic Kingdom try the Plaza Restaurant. Aboard the Disney Dream? Just ask room service to send some Enjoy Life Cookies up to your Cabin.
When the phone rang I almost didn’t answer it. I saw Trooper Bob’s name on the caller i.d. but I knew this time it wouldn’t be one of our normal calls. It was the news that was inevitable but not at all what I wanted to hear.
humping boulders,
deal of pain from major back surgeries, but my son fixed
Stella, she is a cook in a restaurant. She met a man, Tony, he is her neighbour. Stella didn’t have a interest for him at first, the time has gone, they become good friend.
Autism is at one end of the continuum and is the most severe type of ASD. Children with autism have unusual behaviors that are repetitive and stereotypical, as well as very restricted interests and activities. They have severely disordered verbal and nonverbal language and as many as half never develop any type of language. Autism is also characterized by impairments in social interaction that include poor eye-to-eye gaze, lack of social or emotional turn-taking, and a failure to develop relationships with peers. Most children with autism also have delayed intellectual abilities (DSM-IV-TR, 2000).
The ground belongs!
259 days ago, I wrote a rather charmingly naive blog about becoming hooked on my blog stats. You can link over and read it, or I can summarize it below.
Revenge is an uncontrollable monster. Each vengeful act of retaliation brings another. It is a boomerang which cannot be thrown without cost to the thrower.
The fight for full funding for peer support centers in Tennessee has made progress. Governor Haslam has announced an amendment to his original budget which restores part of the money scheduled to be cut out of the budget for peer support centers in Tennessee. The new amendment still cuts $1,000,000 and means almost a 20%cut in services. The fight is not over yet.
When you write on a blog it can be very personal and also offer some great information so this is a very effective way to promote your business on a social networking site. With social network blogs you are allowing people to get to know you on a more personal level which builds a good relationship with your potential customers.
The funny (?) thing is- some of the worst driving in London is carried out by minicab and private hire cars. In fact not just in London but all over! To stereotype, minicab drivers do not use their mirrors properly, do not signal, change lanes irratically, overtake too close, shout out the window at cyclists doing legal, sensible and advised manouvers and generally are a pain in the cyclists butt (or wherever they get hit…). Luckily Mr Griffin doesn’t think the “rules” apply to his private hire cars. As a clear expert on the subject, Griffin has got himself in trouble earlier in the week by advising his drivers to drive illegally in the bus lanes as he would reimburse any fines incurred by doing this.
His cancer spread much quicker than the doctors had anticipated and he deteriorated rapidly within just a few days. We knew he was suffering. And we couldn't bear to see him in pain. His furry brothers knew that his time was limited. They spent his last few days by his side, licking his face, rubbing against his body and keeping him company.
As we walked through to the back room for our cuppa she made a passing comment "You really like fish don't you!"
* "Just as it began, the revolution advances and is victorious, through the barrel of a gun."
My piece is the Sleeve: 6 wrapped, mixed media booklets, feelings contained within. Click each picture to enlarge for detail..
(Yes, yes, Python geeks, I'm aware that Season One, Episode One, "Whither Canada?", was the second episode filmed. No matter, what I consider canon is the airing order. This aired first, this was England's introduction to the Pythons, so there.)
When I first moved to Virginia I got a job teaching at a local technical college. During my time with these particular students I had a chance to listen to some of their stories of life in a small Southern town. Hearing those stories helped me to create the character of Hattie, the ghost in Signs of the South.
And I told Monsieur Philbin this once, while shaking his hand.
Place on greased baking sheet and bake at 375 for 25 minutes.
Siegfried
Now, I’m not saying every single thing I read or write should end sadly – far from it - but I am suggesting that, if this is a stipulation of the genre, we ought to bend it a bit, if not break it outright. Not every tale of our future selves ends well; we should be courageous and willing enough to explore that.
And on a very serious note, I feel like I just have to post this video.
Today, I spent my lunch hour at Oak Park Mall shopping. As I left the mall, I noticed a car one aisle over swing into the parking spaces a bit aggressively.
The Touchstone Division of Simon & Schuster and Sobol Literary Enterprises, Inc. today announced their agreement to publish all three finalists in the newly created Sobol Award for Fiction, an innovative endeavor to discover talented, unpublished fiction writers and help them achieve the recognition they deserve. The original deadline has been extended to midnight, March 31st, 2007. The awards will be announced in the fall of 2007...
I thank God for my wonderful mother.
Remember the words of Paul, “And we, who with unveiled faces all reflect the Lord’s glory, are being transformed into his likeness with ever-increasing glory, which comes from the Lord, who is the Spirit.” (2 Cor. 3:18) God created you in his image, experience the fullness of that as you deepen your relationship with Jesus Christ!
UPDATE–March 28, 2012
Please describe your design process.
Are you hungry for some fun? At this affordable price, you can enjoy meals included for every night of your visit! What a delicious way to enjoy their Walt Disney World® Resort vacation.
Before I get into even more new fabric, I thought I'd share a couple things I made with that cool Hope Valley fabric from my last post. I haven't been sharing a lot of sewing projects lately...
I also wanted to say a big howdy to DFW over at http://countintheday.blogspot.com/. She has done a guest post on MDR before and has been around many of our blogs for sometime now. With much poking and prodding she has started her own. Please go over and help give her a big welcome to the blog world.
My entry for The Play Date Cafe Challenge 52. The inspiration is gorgeous... and they are celebrating their first anniversary. So hop over and play along.
Happy Monday and happy new week.
Happy Monday y'all! It was a busy weekend at casa HWH, starting and finishing some projects, thinking about what I'm contributing to the Thanksgiving meal, beginning to make my holiday lists (which I'll share with you soon) and pulling out the (yikes!) Christmas decor from the attic. Man am I glad I packed it away so neatly last year:) Now I can easily see what I have and what I need for this year.
They also held an anti-Bersih riot in the city last July, and caused chaos and showed up their footwear at Lim during a peaceful anti-Lynas gathering in February.
The police go on to say most of these illegal immigrants "may belong to the economically-active age group, as well as the high crime-risk age group".
All of the lights
A lot of those wine bars are now closed or became part of chains run by big drinks companies.
- 4th: Happy 4th of July! The day started with a parade and ended with a BBQ, family and fireworks. -
Cut out with scissors .
Before I go on, I must point out that my take on the songs on the album are only from my own personal perspective. I am not going to start telling you how Sam achieved a particular sound for a guitar solo, or how Ad set up his bass for a specific take, or that Dave para diddled when he should have para dummed. That's a matter for the lads to tell you their side of the story if they ever feel so inclined. All I can say is that they are a fantastically talented group of musicians that I am proud to play with, and more importantly I am extremely proud to have co written and recorded this album with.
¡Feliz Navidad!
We have already seen, from the simplest expression of value, x commodity = y commodity B, that the thing in which the magnitude of the value of another thing is represented seems to have the equivalent form independently of this relation, as a property which it possesses by nature. We followed the process by which this false semblance solidified itself. This process was completed when the universal equivalent form become identified with the natural form of a particular commodity, and thus crystallized into the money form. Although a particular commodity only becomes money because all other commodities express their value in it, it seems on the contrary, that all other commodities universally express their values in a particular commodity because it is money. The movement which mediated this process vanishes in its own result, leaving no trace behind. Without having to do anything to achieve it, the commodities find the form of their own value, in its finished shape, in the body of a commodity existing outside and alongside them. This physical object, gold or silver in its crude state, becomes, as soon as it emerges from the bowels of the earth, the immediate incarnation of all human labor. Hence the magic of money. The merely atomistic behavior of men in their social process of production, and hence the fact that their own relations of production take on an objectified form independent of their conscious individual striving, manifests themselves at first in the fact that the products of labour generally take the form of commodities. The riddle of the money fetish is therefore merely the riddle of the commodity fetish, which has become visible and blinding the eyes. 187:1
Well it's only 10pm, but feels like 2am to me ( well, I have been awake since 4am this morning !)
Whatever he does now, he will still lose this election. Because he has left it all too late.
Friday 22 January
Of course, my planner is always with me, so I still have access to my other coupons if I need them throughout my trip for an unexpected sale or purchase.
My Mom and I have collected various antique milk-glass vases to combine with family pieces to hold flowers during the reception. I'm so excited about the beautiful milk glass I've acquired – some family heirlooms and some from antiquing with my Mom – and I plan on keeping many of the pieces after the wedding as a reminder of the fun of both the day and the planning that went into it.
Since the book cost me nothing at all, I truly was not expecting much. You get what you pay for and all that jazz. Imagine my surprised face when The Christmas Bus wasn't just adequate, but quite good! The book is Christian fiction, which isn't normally my thing, but works quite nicely for a Christmas book. The story centers around a pastor's wife in a tiny town. Christmas won't be the same for her and her husband this year because their children aren't coming home. So, no baking, no huge dinners, no sledding, no fun. Dear Edith takes her husband's sermons to heart - we should welcome people into our homes and share the true spirit of Christmas. For the first time ever, Edith opens up her inn for the holidays.
How long will this burst of competitive motivation last? Can’t say for sure, but I am taking full advantage of it.
The mobile billboards manned by Apprentice Prophets are supplementing the 1,200 or so stationary giant billboards all over the US … and the 2,000 billboards overseas: India, Russia, Taiwan, Europe, South America, and Africa.
So I saved $68.28 today and paid $0 at RCSS - a successful shopping day, I would say! How did you do, and what did you get? Share, won't you? :)
2. Knife friendly: Plastic also has this advantage over glass and stone cutting surfaces, but I prefer wooden cutting boards because they are easier on your knives. Your knives will keep there sharpness longer and you will have to make less trips to the sharpener or the emergency room. A dull knife is extremely dangerous as you tend to put more pressure increasing the possibility of a kitchen injury and a potential missing finger.
By concentrating on the positive I already have and can channel from my ancestors, then over time there’s less room for the negative and it has no choice but to leave because there’s no longer any room for it in my life (and on my thighs.)
I really do make a attractive bald woman.....but I love my hair.
A country as large as the U.S. makes room for many sorts of ideas, and thus for communities dedicated to them. As early as the 1820s, persons such as Robert Owen and John Humphrey Noyes built communes -- proto-communist states -- within America's borders. Those, of course, were entirely voluntary communities; their members were free to depart at any time. Nevertheless, they constituted a womb for the embryonic theories they expressed in practice...theories which persons of more abstract bent, such as Marx and Engels, would develop to their full malignancy shortly thereafter.
Brush with the egg/water wash.
It’s important to draw a distinction here. There are plenty of beer styles around the world such as Belgian witbier and German Hefeweizen which are traditionally and authentically cloudy. If British brewers wish to take up these styles, or brew other types of beer that are intentionally cloudy, then fair enough, so long as the customer is told what to expect at the point of sale. Cloudy beers can stand or fall on their own merits in the marketplace.
I'm gonna show ya how!
8. place in oven at 375°F for 45mins.
then voices.
And Now, now that you've come home
No quick fixes
What really got me was the Hoover High School Chastity Club. Those girls managed to be the perfect mean girls. Body obsessed, perfectly dressed, and obsessed with a good girl image. You know anyone who openly berates people for not taking a chastity pledge is headed for a pretty big fall from grace.
Whitney Houston fans all over the world were stunned by the sudden, untimely death of the 48-year-old superstar singer in February. The official cause of death was listed as drowning brought on by the effects of heart disease and cocaine use. Her public struggles with substance abuse are well-known and were acknowledged by Whitney herself. Regardless of what led to her death, Whitney leaves behind a musical legacy and valuable lessons about self-worth.
This is an easy craft, especially for all those Pre-K and K classes out there starting off the school year with an A theme. These are so easy to make and would make a great class Apple Tree display.
I’m going to give you a little advice. There’s a force in the universe that makes things happen. And all you have to do is get in touch with it, stop thinking, let things happen, and be the ball-
He told me how the world works
(***Coño is slang for a woman's private part...though this word would be considered vulgar and crude in most cultures, in Andalucia and Cuba it is used frequently for emphasis, and considered by many to be no worse than saying "damn."
A young man who saw the explosion said the dead pedestrian was one of his fellow classmates.
Because he wanted to ease my pain.
This has inspired me to share an article that I just read in the April issue of Better Homes and Gardens, “How to plant on a dime”:
Hello everyone, I hope you're all well.
4. Indigo Bunting:
- One thing that makes this an easy apple dessert is that it only calls for 2 apples (rather than the 6 cups of peeled and chopped apples that are required by most apple pies.
are mocked by the heat of our passions
I do understand no-one likes to have their hair pulled, "you'd be mad too," is what my attending nurse said! Poor Prince freaked out...while in my lap, he snapped at my left hand, leaving two puncture marks over, and under my left thumb (can't bend my thumb;ouch)....I did get the snag out of his hair, and when I put him down, he freaked out even more, and bit my upper right hand, quite deep, and tore the skin to almost two inches...looks like a #7 nasty infected scar now!...the worst part is, that both my hands been inflamed, and swollen...getting better now with strong antibiotic, and antibiotic heavy cream!
There was another, younger instructor walking around the side of the room--he said he had more than 80 amateur fights--and I listened as he gave pointers to one of the boxers working on his uppercuts. His instruction was strikingly insightful. He told me when we chatted later that he really focuses on form, and you could see that from what he was telling the student. I learned a lot.
1 exit
You’re obsessively,
This week, event though it is only tuesday, has been hard. Possibly one of the hardest two days yet. I have had about 2 break down and a little over 5 hours of sleep. My Panama money was due Monday. I woke up monday morning being about $500 short. I did not know what to do. I remember just sitting in my bed thinking about what to do, what to say, and who to talk to, I continued to repeat, “I don’t know what to do. I don’t know what to do.” I truly did not know what to do. I did not want to call the missions organization and say I could not go, but at the same time I did not have the money to afford the trip. It was definitely a moment of weakness and confusion. I truly did not understand that if it was my purpose to go on this trip why was it so difficult to come up with the money.
Today I will stay at home with two sick little girls, and crafting is on the agenda next. I think we will start making Easter decorations already, as I got some really nice colorful feathers yesterday. We'll see how it turns out. Have a great day everybody!
No, I didn't beat him. He was trying to run "super speed" on the treadmill and it didn't work. I've told him, and told him, and told him. But what do I know?! I'm just the mom.
j: lady gaga, kings of leon, britney spears, red hot chili peppers, lily allen, robyn, nas, kanye west.
Dogfish Head's Sam Calagione Book Signing/Meet & Greet (4/22)
and the coffin you gave to me.
It's all very well showing off how well you have learned the (presumed) "lessons of the 1980s" - but we have had two more decades since then and they have some lessons to teach us too. From the 1990s we can draw the lesson that privatisation does not improve services, and from the first decade of this century we can draw the lesson that Labour politicians who abandon the interests of our core supporters eventually get their electoral comeuppance.
"I do feel better...You do have magic powers."
Gary Kovacs: Tracking the trackers – As you surf the Web, information is being collected about you. Web tracking is not 100% evil — personal data can make your browsing more efficient; cookies can help your favorite websites stay in business. But, says Gary Kovacs, it’s your right to know what data is being collected about you and how it affects your online life. (recommended by Michael F.)
And then he actually does leave for the day.
“What size would you get that print in?”
The rectangular leather inset writing surface with three-quarter gallery, above two drawers, raised on square tapering legs ending in casters. Height 29 1/2 inches (74.9 cm), width 37 inches (94 cm), depth 22 1/2 inches (57.2 cm).
A Thanksgiving to be with family, friends and loved ones, to sit with full bellies and a warm heart and most importantly a renewed sense of faith in humanity.
wanderlust
Anyhoo, I knew she was nominated for a South Bank Sky Arts Award for best album, along with Adele and PJ Harvey, but I never dreamed for a moment that even if she'd won she'd actually turn up. But turn up she did. I didn't see her arrive, but when Tom Jones announced she'd won she had to come all the way up through the room from the very back, and seeing as my table was just at the foot of the stage by the only steps up, she had to brush right past me. I was but feet away. I resisted the urge to touch her or shout out how much I love her - I'm a fortysomething year-old man, after all - and I'm very rarely starstruck, but that was one of those moments.
Arc de Triomphe (climbing it is key!)
What kind of article would this be if I didnt write about my favorite team? The issue with the Mets is pitching. The New York Mets’ official website has made it very clear that GM Sandy Alderson wants to resign Reyes. The fact that that is one of our team’s headlines alone is pathetic. The fact that Alderson wants Reyes back is less pathetic, but still pretty low. Here’s the order I see these things in:
Will you follow if I lead?
With a motto to "Drink Organic, Save the Planet, One Beer at a Time," the North American Organic Brewers Festival will host its seventh annual event June 24 through 26 at Portland's Overlook Park. More than 18,000 beer lovers are expected to gather at the event, billed as the nation's most earth-friendly beer festival.
My next favorite exhibit!
Here Comes Your Man – The Pixies
Jester King Black Metal Imperial Stout (whiskey/oak)
Their separation from politics should be emphasised, not blurred.
Alan Mowbray is a husband, father of two children and technical writer for an Orlando, Fla., area software company. Visit his blog by clicking here.
Kathy - Postcards from the PP
Kleenex, anyone?
I started The Dark Divine with more than a little apprehension. Everything I had read about the book said it was amazing, and it couldn't live up to the hype...could it? YES. It was fabulous.
- hacking off a prisoner’s hands and legs
One Sunday, when Oliver fell asleep for his afternoon nap, I asked Michael if he was planning to take a nap with the rest of us.
Annoying fonts e.g. Comic Sans - I CANNOT stand that font and it is not how children are taught to write so why do so many apps insist on using it?
2. What inspires you?
There seems to be a subtle shift in RFG's broadcasts. Though they're still focusing on laying the blame on Maurice, the attention is turning from what happened on the 19th to what could happen in the next few days. By attempting to reassure the outside world that the situation is under control and it's business as usual, they're clearly trying to head off what looks to be inevitable now. Some kind of military intervention.
I’ve added a new page to my blog for me to update and check. For now it only has Khan Academy goals on it, but later I will add other resources and other related goals to it. You can find it by scrolling to the top of the webpage and clicking on ‘Plan and Progress.’
*1/3 cup chopped green onions (optional, I left them off in my picture because I didn’t have any)
I don't know jack shit about computers, which is why I'm on AOL, but AOHell irritates me. I think the reason that they have everything in blue is that blue is supposed to be soothing. Fat lot of good that is, when you're wanting to bang your head on a wall because you can't figure anything out.
With all of the bad weather we were expected to get this past weekend and tornado season just around the corner I took the time to create a "survival kit" for us to keep in the basement. I know the kit wouldn't really save us if a catastropic situation arose but I'd like to think it'd help out in an emergency situation. I personally do not believe in the whole the world is ending crap (see the article on Apocalypse if needed) but I do believe that you should be prepared for emergency situations at all times. Ether it be a terrorist attack, a snow storm or a tornado it's something to be considered. So here's a list of SOME of the things I had time to throw together, I have more things I'd like to add just don't have all of them quite yet, and I'm gonna need another tote!
ps. Baby Jake seems to like them! As you see, although you can put real sugar here, I don't use white sugar for us.
Don’t forget: YOU ROCK!
Legislative Status
Every. Single. Scene.
i caught a cold from work. all that hand sanitizer and we still spread germs like wildfire. unfortunately, there was also a stomach bug going around and i think i've caught that too. :(
The ingredients of this soap: Coconut Oil, Olive Oil, Palm Oil, Shea Butter, Sodium Hydroxide, Lemongrass Essential Oil, Eucalyptus Essential Oil, Small Pink Himalayan Salt, Coarse Himalayan Salt, Fuchsia Labcolor, White Mica.....
Lt.Adams (Peter Leeds) is reluctant to give up on him and tries to tell him how things are different in America. He assigns him to two veteran cops to observe only. They get a call about a disturbance. Two guys are duking it out. When the cops break it up one of the men insults the uniform. Rancich can’t handle it and knocks him down. The other cops tell him that was the wrong thing to do. All he did was build resentment.
I had a conversation with one of my Twitter friends, who said he's a minimalist when using commas. When I read a sample of one of his books, the absence of commas before names in direct speech irritated me, so much, that I'm confident I wouldn't be able to read one of his books. Nothing to do with the quality, but I just hate this particular comma not being where it belongs. I know you can see from the sentence if it needs a comma or not. (Age old: 'Let's eat grandma' vs. 'Let's eat, grandma'), but if you use it in one case and not so in another, it would make an inconsistent use. To me, that is. But what if other readers think the same? Is it really worth it to compromise this little comma?
I made this card for a friend that is needing a little pick me up! I thaqnk you all for stopping over today and hope that you are inspired to create something for yourself and someone else in your life, I hope that you return again soon for another visit as I have a lot of creations in the making to share :)
Hops: Czech Saaz, Hallertauer
Ah, the 4x4. Everyone dreams of watching a meet come down to the 4x4. And on this day heading into the final event there was the possibility that at the finish FOUR teams could be tied for the national title! In the end it was the Borlee twins of Florida State leading their squad to the #4 time in college history (2:59.99) to win the event, but Texas A&M (3:00.91) hanging in there for second place and the team title with 48 total points - just ahead of the 46 points scored by Oregon, Florida, and Florida State!
As always, I respect and appreciate reader’s comments to this post.
My answer was: “It’s not that difficult.”
446190 Other health & personal care stores
Issue One:
Too often we hear how we as writers are expected to MARKET OURSELVES.
Ok, no. no no no. For starters unless "striking beauty" is critical to the plot, leave it out. Second no "he" unless it refers to someone you've already introduced, preferably by name. But mostly: this isn't a well-written paragraph. Your goal in a query, particularly the first paragraph is NOT to sound like a movie voice-over it's to entice your reader to want more.
1:18 p.m. — Measured out 1.8 ounces of English Kent Goldings (%AA unknown). Starting to re-hydrate dry yeast.
B.Sc. Applied Physical Sciences
As others were — I have not seen
At about 4:15am I stopped at what turned out to be a sales-tax check-post. I finally washed the sand off my face, neck and limbs and refilled the drinking water. My left foot had started to hurt during the last hour of riding the previous day and it was still bad. The tendons around the back of the ankle and the heel seemed stiff. The only thing I could do was wear my canvas shoes that had ankle support and tie them up tight, that seemed to help a bit. The nape was already bad, and now I had the ankle to worry about as well. But then pain like that, after all, is subjective. It’s just something you have to overcome I guess.
*I love that you like my music and prefer it to what is currently popular most of the time. I am sorry if this makes you unpopular at some point though. Until you decide differently, thanks for enjoying music with me.
Aside from Manchester City’s Kompany/Lescott partnership, it’s difficult to think of a better central defensive duo in the league than Huth and Shawcross. Now let’s pull out all the stops to get the big German to sign that new contract.
Love NEVER fails. 1 Corinthians 13:8
Heavy Seas Red Sky At Night
3) Harriet goes over and rubs herself against a shard of metal.
Best moment this week: Not sure.
But, I wonder what it would be like to form a genuine friendship with someone seemingly so different?
Picture this.. you’re sitting (or walking) with Jesus and you decide that maybe you’re not going to give Him that time anymore. How do you tell Him that? Can you imagine the look on His face? Can you even look at Him when you say the words?
How does a contempt proceeding against the executive branch work?
The Royal Coronation was kicked off by me crowning six deserving ladies and asking them to go forth throughout the Blogdom and crown other worthy subjects. The Court is pleased to present to you the first 16 members of the Royal Court. Though they have not demanded that you pay taxes when visiting their Blogdoms, they do adore comments and will work hard to keep all of their royal subjects happy so long as they feel appreciated. And when you visit my sister Queens, please be sure to tell them that Queen Cindy sent you!
The ghostly presence of Winsome’s father and grandfather echo through the Lee-Enfield rifle brought back from the killing fields of Europe, a meditation on violence skilfully woven in. Winsome’s losses and grief never become sentimental despite the often allegorical subtext: even his name suggests contradiction (the imperious ‘Julius’ Caesar, ‘Winsome’ suggesting something more benign). As a quiet madness takes hold, Winsome begins quoting Shakespearean archaisms, the fire crackling and spitting as the world closes in around him.
Providing land to others is like a potential suicide for farmers, not just for small scale farmers. The trend which is more worry-some is about different countries buying land to do farming. China and Saudi Arabia have already purchased so much land in Africa. The target being India, gives jitters to me. Will we be living the horrors of our past. ? Already the article of land purchasing by govt which dates back to 1894 is causing so much headlines.
But it woke me up. And here I am two hours later.
Coupled with the (teethless) biting, nipple pulling and lack of sleep makes me start to question the wonders of breast feeding.
Much love to you!
and I know you will think I am completely mad for posting Christmas at the end of April ... as summer approaches and the garden is full of birdsong ... but for blog's sake (for completeness of blog's sake) I'm slipping this post in to remind myself in years to come of the lovely, simple, peaceful Christmas time we had
Pink goggles from Sinner, because I’m a girl and I like pink
Organised sea swims are becoming increasingly popular in Cayman, as evidenced in the record number of people – 700- who participated in last year’s one-mile Flowers Sea Swim along Seven Mile Beach in Grand Cayman.
Staff was friendly. We paid a few bucks for drinks and snacks, but it wasn’t like I felt I was missing out on an overly processed, tasteless meal. The staff was friendly and the plane was clean. Really, you can’t ask for much more.
Radiators and Transmissions
Savitz D, Whelan EA, Rowland AS, Kleckner RC. Maternal employment and reproductive risk factors. Am J Epidemiol 1990; 132: 933-945.
The veteran Liberal broadcaster Ludovic Kennedy wrote in a book review for “The Oldie”, in January 2004, that there ”are too many black faces on TV, political correctness has got completely out of hand.” Sir Patrick Moore, the world renowned astronomer to remark “The more asylum seekers get the less there is for us.”
The Jules table is between my two client chairs opposite my desk and the mirror is on the large wall with my diplomas. I love the Pottery Barn desk chair as an alternative to most black, bulky office chairs. You know the ones:)
Another excellent game this weekend. Third one in our quest for Middle-earth.
If you asked Americans to identify the most noticeable change in U.S. politics over the past two decades, they’d probably answer that politics has become more polarized and that this has made it harder for the government to address the problems the country faces.
Environment and animals rights group, the World Wildlife Fund, says up to half of packaged foods found in supermarkets contain palm oil, including packet chips, cereals and soap.
In their civil action, prosecutors say the sandstone sculpture, known as the Duryodhana, and valued at up to $3m, was looted “during periods of extreme unrest” in Cambodia in the 1960s or 1970s. They claim it was then illegally imported into Europe and then the US.
July 8 Crop Night 6pm-midnight
This year our theme is gardens and edible jewelry. I assembled them in less than 10 minutes just so you could see what they looked like. You can use whatever you have on hand (including any candy your kids have already gotten from school parties or Easter Egg Hunts or family members if your family is anything like mine).
We leave the bridge and walk down to the village Mana….
So if you want to add so goodness to a boring ole salad, first try the "homemade ranch" then add the avocado and your salad will become a happy salad.
Happy 2012 and Happy Writing!!
Dear Blog,
Amazon is apparently also reaching out to smaller publishers, with which it hopes to retain its wholesale model. But some small publishers are already in talks with Apple, which requires that any publisher that wants to sell via the iPad "must offer the same terms to all booksellers. In other words, to do business with Apple, publishers must export Apple’s business model to all retailers."
(Note: Depending on where we end up living after The Big Move, I'm going to see if we have enough money to get these two to do our next house. That is, if they have time between all their other Manhattan commissions...)
So, that’s Anne. The first thing most of my male friends and readers brought up immediately after hearing the casting was – no surprise here– the costume. I can certainly appreciate the desire to start forming that mental picture asap, and since it’s going to be quite a while until we learn anything about the production, let’s have a little survey of Catwoman’s looks over the years.
It’s time to have a somewhat uncomfortable talk. No, not that one. My oldest is only 5, I’m not going to get into all that yet. This is another difficult discussion, that usually starts like this…
The Prophet (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) stated in one hadith, “The head of its matter is Islam and its pillar is the Salah and its highest peak is the Jihad.”
The world is a beautiful place and I love life! Most day, I feel like the most blessed woman on the planet, but this wasn’t always the way that I saw things. It’s not easy getting from pain and blame and negativity to a place of peace and radical acceptance, but I know that if I can do it, anyone can. So, let’s saddle up and ride and get to the other side, because the other side is a glorious place!
The Troy Pork Store was founded in 1918 by Charles Komerz. It made its own sausage, pepperoni, liverwurst, salami—anything you could think of—and served local families and businesses, as well as those throughout the Capital District. But its greatest fame came, perhaps, from creating the tiny hot dogs distinctive to the Troy-Albany area. The mini-dogs were bought and sold by classic local restaurants such as the nearby Famous Lunch, which always bought its dogs from the Troy Pork Store. Don't know where they're going to get them now.
To both my lovely wife and myself, salsa is a condiment that is frequently used to dip tortilla chips into, but is also employed to enrich the flavor of many foods. Regardless of how one uses salsa or how many additional spices and peppers are thrown into the mix, salsa is tomato-based.
Another of the most enduring myths about the present conditions of the world is the so-called “post-industrial” turn and the emergence of “immaterial labor” as supposedly embodied by the meteoric rise of the “virtual economy” amidst the slump in the real productive economy.
Not long ago, a friend of mine gave me a copy of The Sexual Life of Catherine M and said, “Now Literary Kitty, don’t be shocked!” so I was quite curious as to what all the fuss was about. It seems I wasn’t the only one. This book caused quite a sensation when it was originally published in France and has since been translated into several languages. The front cover boasts Edmund White’s quote that it is ‘One of the most explicit books about sex ever written by a woman’. Well OK Edmund, it’s explicit. I’d guessed that from the titty on the front cover. But is it any good?
7:45- Get the kids' jammies on, brush teeth and read 2 books. 2 books is our standard, so that gives me some room if the kids aren't behaving during their bath or getting dressed, I take one book away. I hate to take the books away all together, because they really love their book time, and I value it as a way to connect with them during the short hours that I do have with them each day. And I also will let them have an extra book if they've been extra cooperative during the bedtime routine.
rambling summer days
I really hope you liked my layout! If you get a chance to pick up some of My Mind's Eye, do it! It's so fun and cute. I could really see this being used for a little girl or an anniversary. It's just so soft and feminine. If you want to be updated when I make a new project, make sure to click the follow button on the right or enter your email address. Thanks for stopping by!
you want flowers, gifts, pedicures, manicures, candy and dates, but those things are
So, here's a little inspiration from Sassy Judy and the rest of the VERY SASSY design team to get you in the mood. Aren't they simply AMAZING! They should really put you in the mood for creating something AMAZING too!
Note: This review is based on an advanced reader's copy. I received a complimentary copy of this book to review.
good to be true, we'll just have to wait and see. The best result of this
Other ideas I love: anything outside in a huge field or on a lake. My sister has a lake with a deck that I always think would be perfect for a photographer to be able to take a shot from... but I'm not sure about the logistics of it all!
“The Enterprise Job.”
It's easy, simply use our mosaic tiles to dress up something in your home, like a vase or a photo frame. Other rules are use your creativity and don't limit your imagination. There are no prizes (it's all for the love of the art) but bragging rights and a warm feeling of self-satisfaction is yours if you wish to participate. Then, send us a picture of your item with a mini description and we will post them up on our blog! Easy peasy!
that the best solution was to give half of his shawl to the poor man, and he would keep the other half.
insisted there and then
After I snoozed my alarm twice this morning at 5am, I calculated how many hours sleep I'd had (5) versus how many hours I'd have to work at my paid employment today (7) taking into consideration the following factors:
After Melissa had confronted her two days ago Gracie had thought about what she said. She did not even realise that her and Denise’s arguing had affected Melissa so much. The last thing she wanted was Melissa hurting for something that Denise wouldn’t stop causing so she thought she would be the bigger person and confront Denise after all she was the adult.
There are a few reasons which I’m sure everyone can relate to for why I never lost the weight before, and maintained my overweight existence for so long.
Your word is the seed
Recommended Reading:
When somebody says, “You’re no Thrall,” you can totally reply, “You’re right, Thrall would never just up and chop off somebody’s foot like that. Oh, I’m sorry, did I break your concentration? Pardon me. Please, let’s resume our critique of my job performance.”
I once wrote a list of names of people that were gone. It was a list of the names of the people that ejected me from their lives. That threw me out of their workplace. That severed all communication and contact with me. That made it absolutely clear by their actions, and their behavior, that I had a choice. I could be identical to them. Or I could be ignored by them.
By the example of the disciples also we ought to be taught, that though we should have but little, we ought to give that to such as have need. For they when bid to bring their five loaves say not, Whence shall we satisfy our own hunger? but immediately obey; “And He commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took they five loaves and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven blessed them, and brake.”
The life lesson was on:
The group was trying to use a RushCard Visa card to make the sizable purchase at Look at Me Now Urban Wear on 17th Street. When the transaction could not be processed as a debit, it was also attempted as a credit. When that also failed the female suspect pretended to call the bank, and the alleged bank representative gave the clerk permission to run the card “offline.” The clerk then recalled a scam alert that detailed a similar crime and stalled the suspects until deputies arrived. Responding deputies found two men in a waiting vehicle, one at the store entrance and two inside. They also determined that the person pretending to be the bank official was actually one of the men in the car.
They were both fitted last week for their braces and did great during their appointment. Although painless, in order to make their braces, they have to have molds made of their little legs . Kylee was NOT A FAN during her last casting, so I was a bit nervous at how they’d do this time. It was nice this time around, being able to explain what would happen before we got there. I had showed Kylee and Brody pictures from when Kylee was little and told them “yay, you get to get braces!”…which of course led Korbin & Miss B wondering why they don’t get to have braces…ugh, can’t win! Anyways, I told them both that Mr. Spencer was going to put mud on their legs and it was going to be SO SILLY!
The other element that makes this film so great is the editing. As the great Jim Emerson recently pointed out on his Scanners blog (he wonderfully titled his post: "Taut Editing, Stunning Effects"), usually we associate great editing with action or sci-fi films; films that are meant to be layered and deep. But here is a film that understands not just the basics of editing (I can't remember the last time a comedy used smash cuts so brilliantly), but how to frame a scene so that we understand where the characters are logistically in relation to one another (duh, that's what framing is for) and how their place in the frame can be used to tell a subtle joke. The film is paced well -- cut perfectly so that every joke feels natural and like the right type of punctuation, rather than feeling tired and superfluous -- and there are nuances that occur in the periphery that punctuate the jokes, too. There's a great scene near the beginning where Paul meets the entire family for the first time. At the dinner table Nic grills Paul (he even calls her "the griller of the family" before moving onto a different conversation) about his philosophies and life decisions. When Paul begins to spew his nonsense about doing "whatever works" for the individual, the shot is framed so that we can clearly see Joni, who is heading off the college and clearly sees Paul as an out for doing something she is scared of, and we see Jules and Nic, the former simply smiling (she is also a free spirit) and the latter subtly pouring another glass of wine. What's great about this moment is that prior to them all sitting down at the table together, Jules and Nic have a minor verbal quarrel over Nic's tendency to drink too much at social gatherings and Jules' tendency to micromanage. It's a great bit of foreshadowing that comically justifies Nic's rather serious tendency (which is a motif throughout that always pops up during moments where she seems to be alienating Jules). It's so refreshing to not just see a comedy that understands these basic film techniques, but to see any film have a grasp of filmmaking 101.
Let me be weak
Caramel Apple: 3
Last week was the Craft Den's fourth birthday so to celebrate Lynn held an open day and the lovely Kay from IndigoBlu was there all day demonstrating her fantastic stamps. In the evening those of the DT, past and present, who could make it were treated to a lovely buffet and a workshop courtesy of Lynn.
I don't plan on getting the second volume or any subsequent ones that will undoubtedly be published in the future, but I did splurge on some old BLONDIE paperbacks that seemed to have just what I was looking for as far as giving me an idea of what the thing was like throughout the rest of the thirties. And at least the first two of these reads have a special meaning for me...y'see back when I was eight
Are relationship books full of bunk or is there some merit to them?
Phil has looked right fed up all week, it’s one thing being at work and missing the children during the day, it is another when you can’t put them to bed because they aren’t here or not bathing them because they aren’t there, no “nick jnr” TV or “playhouse Disney” TV channels on, no strange American children sitcoms being watched by Dec, no tantrums and noise and “I wants, I wants”. It is truly really quiet, TOO quiet!!!
2) Choose to do this at least 30 days in a row and take a little break. Notice that my break did not consist of not writing at all. And it wasn’t that long relative to the 30 day time period. If you mess up 17 days in or 6 days in or however much, start your 30 days over.
A $125 Logo from Boutique by Design
Years later, when I found myself developing the idea of the Archonate universe, I thought it would be interesting to explore the culture at the time when the change was about to happen again, although virtually nobody knew it. So, in every subsequent tale, including the Imbry stories, the impending cataclysm is the background to the foreground events. It’s a bit like the first half of 1914, when there is a great, highly articulated civilization that does not know—although a few suspect—that it’s about to come to an abrupt and tragic end. “The lamps are going out all over . . . we will not see them lit again in our lifetime.” That kind of thing.
I guess it’s because I feel like I really relate to her.
5. All reading is good reading. Comics and annuals- including those based on popular TV programmes and sport- were devoured in my classroom by children often reluctant to read books. The forthcoming Phoenix looks very exciting, and Bayard's comics that Zoe blogged about on Playing By The Book. There are some fantastic graphic novels for children too, like the Baker Street Irregulars by Tony Lee and Dan Boultwood, for 10-12 year olds. Since comics and graphic novels don't feel or look like graded readers from school, it removes one of the barriers for children reluctant to read.
I stumble on a comment made by a fitness specialist on the net who listed bread as a no no for weight loss (well he also said milk is a no no because humans are the only species that drink other mammals milk intended for its young).
Melt the butter and let it cool slightly. Use the mixer to cream the sugar, brown sugar, and melted butter until just incorporated.
Also, since the bundle of jute will not fit through the hole in the shamrock, you will have to cut a certain length out. I think I did about 5 times my "wing span" (you know when you stretch your arms out and apart). And it's quite annoying pulling the whole length through every time, so I tied it like so:
Because he isn't.
into a mixed-media metaphor
Add the fruit juices, chilies, tomatoes and tomatillos. Cook just long enough to warm the tomatoes and combine ingredients. Remove from heat and gently stir in mango and cilantro. Season with salt and pepper. Set aside
So...anyone wanna have a key party?
Years and lifetimes have layered countless moments that take me further away from myself. Repeat lessons threading a theme. Ecstasy and hardship – seemingly eternal but in truth only experiences we choose. I am not the court jester or the Viking explorer or the Nordic archer or Cherokee rider or the daughter of my mother and father. Or the wife of my husband.
1 field's
It’s completely the same.
Talk about a perfect circle. I had a stomach attack at my parents house this weekend. Actually, it was one of the worst ones I have ever had. They insisted at 3:30 in the morning that we go to the ER. 17 years ago, when I still lived in their house and still was a dependent, and still relied on mostly them telling me what to do, I complained but agreed when they took me to the emergency room. And Saturday, I did the same.
I've been thinking that now seems the right time.......
We got an email from A&B today that once again spiked my blood pressure and I didn't even open it! I had to get Matt to read it and summarize it so I didn't have to read the general tone of spite and menace of Ms B.
The later also used Robert as one of the main characters as a rock heroe in his novel "The Lonely Boys2. Later in 1996 after "Feels like Buzz Aldrin" two vinyl 7" were released - "Thrilla in Manilla/Hoss" and in 1997 "Spy Vs Spy/Theme from the Persuaders". Both singles are now released also on CD alltough in other versions.
Joel: Mommy what's a killer bee?
Your Fair Use Policy duration depends on how you purchase your internet. When your Fair Use Policy begins again, either at the start of the next calendar month or your next purchase, it will be reset to 0 and your service will return to normal.
It's a lot of fun.
Everyone would like to be a million dollar diva, right? Well, everyone except for men, who don't want to be divas but would like to be million dollar divos.
he opened his presents first. he said his favorite was his new tools!
Before we get to the article, allow me to express my disgust and disbelief at the lacking spiritual discernment of those Fundamentalists who accept and promote Mark Driscoll. If you call me unkind or arrogant or wrong for making that remark, then may God help you. That man may say some good things, but he is vulgar, inappropriate, blasphemous and any Fundamentalist who likes him, his preaching, or supports him is simply (pardon my vocabulary) ignorant and lacking discernment.
With meerkats it’s not so much their faces, which, while far from ugly, are really no different from those of the common dwarf mongoose.
Listen to the Message Bible…
I normally keep my blog content limited to lunches. But, this is such a great cause, I'm going to make an exception :)
Clem: “It was really fun, but it was hard to get the tomato paste out of the tomato can and Finn thought it was disgusting when he cleaned out the can.”
The Dreaming Sex edited by Mike Ashley
And what happened to Esmerelda? She's mentioned in the second paragraph in a way that makes me think she's the antagonist. Then she disappears, and it looks like the house itself is the antagonist.
Having an affair is not the issue; the heart that lusts outside of God’s boundary of marriage is the issue.
But, if I come to God on His terms, allowing God to deal with justice at the cross so that He can distribute blessings according to His grace, then what’s in it for me is God’s goodness. And since I was not hired at 6:00 AM, I have received God’s goodness as an undeserving recipient.
Yes, we need to cater to the needs of our boys. This much is clear. We need to change the way we teach and assess so that our boys can develop their love of reading in an environment that works for them. But it is also absolutely crucial that we do not systematically discriminate against them through the routines of our reading program.
Short and Sassy
It means "(something) that needs to be solved (kyeol) with priority (sun)". It is a word often used in political terms and situations. I chose it mainly because of its Korean nuance, which I think has grace in pronunciation yet harshness in meaning.
Alexei Ramirez 2010 Topps Peak Perfromance Relic Black on White
In my wife's heart's affection.
OK, some of that is I think because the Garmin gets a little wonky downtown, with the buildings and all, but some of that is genuine variation between sprinting and walking. (I think the four highest peaks represent shoe-tying breaks!)
6. Bake for 6-9 minutes, or until cookies are set on the edges. Carefully remove from baking sheet using a wide spatula and cool on wire racks.
I then wound ribbon around around a kebab stick and secured it behind the mask. To give the mask more depth the glue is applied to each side of the mask only and stuck to the black background so that the mask bows out slightly.
In this novel, African-Canadian students are presented with language that portrays all the stereotypical generalizations that demean them as a people. While the White student and the White teacher many misconstrue it as language of an ealier era or the way it was, this language is still widely used today and the book serves as tool to reinforce its usage even further. . . .
My current obsession is "layering layers of paint", something I learned at an online workshop with Julie Prichard. This technique was new to me and I love to combine it with other techniques and materials and use it in journals, books, canvasses, ATC's, etc. This is a detail of an ATC.
Breaking into his trademark tears, Beck told the stadium of 8,000 Liberty University grads and 20,000 friends and family members, “as a man who was never able to go to college—I went for one semester but I couldn’t afford any more than that—I am humbled and honored.”
12:5 p.m. Drink another diet dr pepper
Schumacher was handed a five spot grid penalty following the race, and the German said Senna cut back suddenly to defend, causing the collision. Senna, when speaking to Speed’s Will Buxton after his race retirement, said the incident was unfortunate but did not place blame on anyone.
Oh, I kept my pact about buying clothing each week, and there’s a funny story around this week’s adventure but it’s not for public consumption. If you’re interested you’ll have to ask me in person about the penguins and I’ll explain.
We took the tube into London. We bought a day pass, so we could go everywhere we wanted, but we ended up walking most of it. There was plenty to see along the way, and we totally lucked out--this was our best weather day, the whole time we were there.
Continuing uphill across Matley Heath toward the ridge, the rising ground gradually dries underfoot. I push through a dense maze of head-high gorse, almost impenetrable to me, but not to deer – their droppings suggest they browse here regularly. At the summit of the ridge (click here for a panoramic view northwards), I dodge the cyclists to cross the Lyndhurst to Beaulieu road, then, greeting a group of walkers, head downhill along the western perimeter of a sun-dappled plantation of tall pines, edged with bright orange-berried rowans.
So, while in Italy, as elsewhere in interwar Europe, individual Communists, Fascists, anarchists and others fought fierce street battles with one-another in a way that is reminiscent of nothing so much as the turf wars between rival black gangs in Los Angeles today, many of the Leftist brawlers eventually went over to the Fascists --- showing how slight the real differences were between them.
Earlier this past week, last Monday, I had another dream related to my death. Sort of… The dream was about what happens after my death, it was about reincarnation. I don’t remember the whole dream since it happened a week ago, but I do remember the major part. All I remember was I was standing in this grassy plain with a small trickling stream. The area was really really bright. The sun was really close to us, yet it was cold. I was standing in line to go up to the little river. When I was second in line I saw the guy in front of me, I couldn’t see his face; for some reason I can’t see faces in my dreams. He stepped in the stream and this voice called his name that I don’t remember. Then, out of nowhere a thought bubble appeared in front of him. The vision was of an attractive dark haired pregnant woman and her husband.
Bake at 350 for about an hour.
Died: March 23, 2007 in Knoxville, TN
- Several Frittata, Chicken with Eggplant & Tomato Puree, & Jamon Iberico & Squash,
7. Bad Brains - Don't Bother Me
Two Brothers’ Dog Days Lager; Warrenville, Illinois, Dortmunder, 4.9% abv
Better post this while there's still time...
6. Judicious: to portray good judgment or restraint
My pictures aren't the best since I'm posting this on the fly from my iPad....
It was my birthday on Saturday, I turned 23 which feels so weird, but because I was shooting a commercial for Tuacahn and had rehearsal for twelve hours I was expecting an average day. Well, I should have known that my hotness would figure out how to still make the day special. The cast planned to take me out to eat on our lunch break. When we got to the restaurant who was there waiting for me? My E, with flowers in hand and a huge smile on his face. One of the reasons I love him so much is because he is so rad. He can hold a conversation and entertain even the weirdest of them all--musical theatre people. After lunch he came back with me to rehearsal and waited in the hallway, because no one is allowed in the practice space, for four hours then took me out to dinner. It was a great birthday!
Lovely Talented David Barrie is to write something to go with my story:)
We worked on more patterns, each with plenty of set ups, and she did just as I asked. There were a couple times where she wasn't placing her feet where I asked, but with a loud "EH" she corrected herself. She got a cookie after each set up and as the session wore on, chewed them up when they were given to her.
7:00 PM - 11:00 PM
In a food processor or blender combine the flours, baking powder, cocoa, salt, sugar and baking soda. Add margarine and pulse a few times until the mixture is combined, you should still be able to make out the margarine pieces but they should be very small. Add the chocolate chips and the milk/vinegar mixture and pulse until combined. You can either roll the dough out and use cutters to get them in a nice circular shape or you can just go ahead and form them with your hands and put them directly on your prepared baking sheet (you should get about 8 of them). Bake for about 10-14 minutes at 450 degrees.
My real name is Brian. Not Joan. I am also not Joan’s boyfriend and neither is Russ, who never was her boyfriend either. In fact, knowing how you feel about anyone who has the nerve to be Joan’s friend, you’ll be delighted to hear he’s currently undergoing treatment for cancer. That should brighten up your day a bit! I’m also Champ on Blogger.
With Mothers’ Day just around the corner, it was refreshing to see this article written by a man, as it struck a chord with me as I’m sure with most women. Often times I feel so unappreciated, as a woman’s work in the house never ends, especially if there are kids in the picture. So I decided to share Zig’s article with you.
“Paul tends not to like anything I do and then gradually warms to it, though not always. He is one of two or three people who think it’s a complete waste of time in every sense, that there’s nothing happening, there’s nothing of interest, there’s a passable impression of Stewart Lee’s style, there are a few jokes about comedy which are amusing but there’s no substance to it, there’s nothing happening… What point is it I am trying to make? Why don’t I just fuck off? That kind of stuff.
Corey Hart - same name as a Canadian singer, pity point +1 pt
I loved the simplicity of this card and then as I was finishing it up…I managed to drip a white speck of paint right by my sentiment. I couldn’t wipe it off so I decided to add some extra white dots and dashes. Weird huh?! But other than the freaky looking white on it, I’m loving the rainbow twine and image. Oh well, I tell myself it’s got character!
Or you can go back to listening to Metallica and Lamb of God, you boring loser.
One of the more popular events is Downtown After Five, a FREE street festival on Lexington Avenue the third Friday evening of each month. Live music, happy people, food and beer, and some of the funky shops stay open late. The first concert this year will be May 20 featuring the Asheville Horns and Bayou Diesel, and a mix of music follows during the series. Beer sales help local nonprofits. Other concerts will be June 17, July 15, Aug. 19 and Sept. 16.
Fuck my life and fuck that guy.
I figured I would kick off the ICD tutorial series with a project I've been wanting to make for quite some time. I first saw this tutorial a year ago over at One Pearl Button and have been dying to make these for my nieces ever since.
The F.D.A. had initially cleared the clinical trial in January, 2009, in what was viewed at the time as a research milestone.
- pick ONE room and do it right, top to bottom.
Stir in the tomato purée, lower heat and simmer for 10 minutes. Note: if your tomatoes are not meaty, add a tablespoon or two of canned tomato puree. Add the stock and simmer for about 1 1/2 hours or until the meat is tender. Remove bay leaves. Slowly stir in the roux and cook over low heat stirring until the soup thickens and is smooth. Correct seasoning with salt and pepper to taste. Add lemon juice and 3 teaspoons of parsley.
The views and laws for hemp are different all over the world. In Australia for example, although you can legally grow hemp (without the drug ingredient THC), hemp foods are not legal. While in North America, the opposite is true. The lucky Canadians who supply much of the hemp found in the U.S. are reaping the benefits of a 1/2 billion and growing industry.
but still can’t seem to reach them?
I used to pick figs off my ex-mother-in-law's tree and eat them back in my 20's. Loved them. Other than that and fig newtons, I know nothing about figs. It seemed lots of the group were having trouble finding fresh figs, but I went to Publix and they had them in their fruit section. When I began to cut them in half, some were really mushy, while others were not. So not being a fig "expert," I was not sure which ones were good to use. I decided not to use the really mushy ones.
Based on these results, it can be anticipated that an EMP will trigger moderate to severe traffic congestion in metropolitan areas. The traffic congestion may be exacerbated by the panic reactions possibly attendant to an EMP attack. None of the data predict or suggest life threatening conditions; conflicting green lights did not occur during the tests. All the observed effects would cause less traffic disruption than would a power outage, which results in no working traffic lights.
I interrupt my regular life post, to bring you breaking shoe news.
Discs of glass
How cool is it when you can review something you actually really really need? Ecstatic!
Hi there my lovelies! Hope you had a wonderful Easter those who already celebrated it and the bunny has been good to you;); we are orthodox so this is our Holy Week, the week of passions before the Resurrection of Jesus which we celebrate on Saturday Night.
The finished vest does not look terrible if you don't look too close, but it fits as well as would be expected for this project. I know it is not about the gift, it is the thought that counts, but I had so many bad thoughts about this does that still apply?
The University of New Hampshire Department of Theatre and Dance is looking for new children’s plays and musicals. To find new works, they’re sponsoring the Anna Zornio Children’s Theatre Playwrite Award. Submit your play or musical of no more than 60 minutes in length, suitable for adults to perform for children. There is no fee to enter. First prize is $500 and production of your play. The deadline for entries is March 4, 2016, and the play will be produced during the 2018-2019 season. Find all the details here.
If you are a fan of cupcakes and aren't already reading Metalcakes, you don't know what you're missing. For those of us that are already fans, I'm so excited to announce that Kathy "Metalcakes" Bejma (and her mom!) will be in attendance for CupcakeCamp NYC 2.0!
Ever want to come back to some cool places you’ve ever visited but you forgot the way to get back there?
Super Junior‘s Leeteuk has also become a fan of IU.
I love the "keep calm" poster pictured above. It seriously paints the picture of life as I know it in my house. We are always in a flurry of activity, it's always noisy and I mean always. I often have to shout just to get the attention of my kids. We may not be a "calm" house, but we are a household filled with love and fun and I wouldn't have it any other way.
Spring is in the air! Or at least it's temporarily hanging out as a little preview of what is to come. I keep getting caught out when I step outside each morning and having to run to a bathroom to strip off the multiple vests I've been in the habit of layering underneath my clothes. For some reason when it's really sunny on this campus, the light is particularly penetrating and since losing my sunglasses it's impossible to walk around without watery eyes and unavoidable Scream style facial expressions. This is one of the downsides to the sunshine. It is however putting a 'spring' (heh) into my step and making me want to buy new things. I fully acknowledge the urge to buy new things as 'spring fever' when the new magazine campaigns come out and chide you into thinking that wearing cheekily bright skirts and carrying a Christopher Kane clematis bag would just make things so much better. But it would, I'm sure of it.
Follow @SorghumGrowers on Twitter for live updates and information during Classic. Be sure to use the hash tag #Classic12 when tweeting about Classic.
Other helpful health practices include reading food labels and understanding such basic nutritional concepts as daily requirements for calories, protein, fats, and nutrients. Would-be vegetarians can experiment with meat substitutes, foods that are high in protein and essential nutrients.
Far from here, and away to the wild north mountains, beyond the ice floes and the scree slopes lies a hall named Thrymheim; Storm Home. It is the place where winter lives, where the frost and snow retreat, biding their time whilst the land below bathes in the gentle warmth of green summer, the corn sways in the fields until the cycle turns and winter creeps its quiet way down from the mountains to swathe the earth once again in white and grey. The king of this mountain realm was Thiasi and he lived there with his daughter, Skadi of the shadows. Skadi was a huntress, and she liked to be alone. She spent her days skiing in the mountains with her bow and arrow or fishing on the ice. Skadi loved no man but her father, whom she adored, for she was a solitary creature and her heart was made of the stuff of winter.
I find that each and every time that I am faced with these temptations I just repeat over and over again in my head “Stay the course.”
Unfortunately, they are immediately imprisoned, for the ladies' Queen Yllana (Laurie Mitchell) who rules Venus with an iron hand, a jeweled mask and a deep-seeded hatred of men...has every deep-seeded suspicion that these big dumb Earth oafs will pollute Venus with their big dumb Earth selves.
“Yeah… That would be the one” Jonan confirms.
* Photographs will be accepted 3/14/2011 (today) - 3/31/2011. Once all photographs are received Little Diva Tutus will publish a folder with either a collage of your childs photographs or an individual photograph of your child to be judged by our anonymous on-line judges.
Marisa
Wow, did it ever work! Not only did it get the grout very clean, it also raised an amazing amount of ground-in dirt off the tile itself. My ceramic tile has an earthy, mottled pattern to it (camouflage!), so I didn’t notice it was getting…earthier and more mottled over the years. Soon after I started working on that perfectly reasonable sink area, my OCD kicked in and I continued working on the entire floor of the kitchen and entryway from the garage – no small feat. I destroyed two entire sponges and a fair portion of my anterior deltoid before I decided I could go no further with it at the moment. I still have just a half of the entryway floor and another portion behind the kitchen table to finish. Fortunately, running out of supplies gave me a very good opportunity to illustrate with a photo what a difference the homemade solution is making:
DRESS: New Look (around 2009 I think)
Chino's 30 waist 34 leg (hard to get, it appears every man in Leicester is short) - Jack
Moon looked at Black Pudding and smiled.
Interested parties should submit resume, application, and references to Rick Bagley, News Director, KFSM-TV, 4201 North Shiloh Drive, Suite 169, Fayetteville, AR 72703 or e-mail jobs@kfsm.com or fax 479-521-6579. No phone calls.
Artists@ellebefilms.com
*1 egg
Finally, I found a way to combine math with another subject! While studying ancient Greece, Casia learned about a mathematician named Thales. He figured out the height of a pyramid using its shadow. So Casia, Garrett and I took a field trip to the beach where there are plenty of tall buildings casting shadows onto the sand.
As the aide, Andrew Young proved an invaluable ally to this pretense. Going so far as to admit to the paternity of the unborn child, his role was to fly this woman, along with his own family, all over the country meeting her demands for first class travel and accommodations. Meanwhile, the candidate himself was touting his “two America’s” crapola all over the airwaves as his “adoring family” stood by basking in his limelight. The donations rolled in and his chances to beat back Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton made him a “contender” for the highest office in the land. It could have happened.
54 if
Of a purse well filled, and a heart well tried -
You protest when it's proven true:
5. You might even get published
According to TMZ.com, Martin wants joint physical and legal custody of the kids.
2. Entry must use the sketch above and include a title, photo(s) and journaling.
Clothbound - September 19
If that wasn’t incentive enough, I have been in contact with Florian Stitz; who has kindly donated some prints to the event. For those that don’t know his work, he has done many pieces for Privateer Press over the years; as well as several other gaming companies (Paizo, AEG, Catalyst Game Labs and more). Certainly with his WM/H pieces, there is an energy about them that makes them appealing. So a big thank you to Florian, for his donation.
Word of the day: gralloch: the art (and it is an art) of disembowelling the carcass on the hill. Oddly, it's more fascinating than gruesome.
Jon Cruddas, MP said: “What this investigation for File On 4 is identifying is much more significant that any of the charges I was laying before the Parliament, namely a systematic series of financial irregularities”
And to everyone else who gave me aubergine recipes - they are copied down and I will use them at a later date.
Only 50 will be made & sold!
See you tomorrow for yet another Bundt. And keep coming back not just to see a Bundt, but to see if I go crazy doing this! :) Mark your calendars...National Bundt Day is November 15th!
So much for the idea of progress. When was the last time you sent someone a poem, or even more esoterically, replied to a poem – with another poem of course?
However, when I thought of 「こぼれたるミルク」（spilt milk） in English, I came to correlate it with the saying "It is no use crying over spilt milk."
Service: The owner was VERY friendly and eager to help you; it was a bit intimidating for an introvert like me. She clearly knows a lot about textiles. This would be a great place to have a big shopping spree.
The only way Kaoru can swim with his head above the water is by swimming on his side. Like this, he can pretty much only swim in circles. When he tries to row the boat they rented, he could only travel in a circle. Rather apt for a teen who is frustrated with life, don’t you think? The only way he can live his life is going through the same old self-destructive routine, going nowhere. Sentarou meanwhile has no problems at all, cutting straight and true through the water. He seems to progress through life with no trouble, constantly moving forward. Naturally, Kaoru is jealous of his effortless approach to life, so he seeks to emulate Sentarou’s actions, with the eventual aim of surpassing him – beating him at his own game. Hence, we arrive at Kaoru consumed with his one-sided rivalry – fanatically practising the introduction to Moanin’, believing that this will somehow make Ritsuko swoon; jumping into a fight he couldn’t possibly win to lend his help to Sentarou, thereby leaving him indebted to Kaoru; taking over rowing duties to impress Ritsuko.
(Historical information from The Historic Architecture of Addison County: Vermont State Register of Historic Places.)
dust motes swirling slowly in a shaft of sunlight
With just a few thousand annual visitors, Mafia Island is hardly a tourist hot spot, and has few of the high-end accouterments that draw hordes of honeymooners to other Indian Ocean isles like the Seychelles, Mauritius and Zanzibar. Over the past decade, though, it has built a small but passionate following among travelers drawn by its simple charms and serene atmosphere. Serene, that is, on land; underwater, a protected marine preserve offers some of the most magnificent diving and snorkeling in the region, perhaps the world: sea turtles, stingrays and the occasional white-tipped reef shark troll these waters nearly year-round.
Mannie Leroy Clark, 54, New York, N.Y.
The boy, who lives with his father who has sole custody, was aware Atkinson was his biological mother.
Pour the remaining clarified butter into a large non-stick pan set over high medium heat. Sauté the paupiettes until golden brown on all sides, about 2-3 minutes on each of the four sides.
How 'bout you?
4 - Curley Fox - Listen To The Mockingbird - 2:49
Homemade
scrapbook circle makes scrapbooking look do-able to me -
Maisa: A bit, but it’s bearable.
Everyone attends the concert
The 49ers are now stacked at the running back position. They have recently signed Brandon Jacobs this offseason and they still have a stud in Frank Gore. Running backs Anthony Dixon and Kendall Hunter are also on the roster. I look at LaMichael as an upgrade to what Kendall Hunter brought to the table. He is a smaller back with a ton of speed. But James brings a lot more than just speed to the table.
Why is this record so different and important that you should immediately pop round the local shop to order a copy? If I rave about how brilliant Gypsy Blood is, I risk becoming just another fanatic trumpeting his favorite group. But there is truly something special about Doll By Doll, a UK rock band from the late 70s/early 80s led by singer, guitarist and main writer Jackie Leven. Two guitars, bass and drums were the basic components, playing in a straightforward rock style that we’ve all heard before. They are musically tight as a group and play with passion. The magic for me, however, lies in two things which elevate this band from hundreds of others who suddenly appeared on the late 70s scene.
Personality: ASSIDUOUS
The Marketer’s Delimma:
Hello everyone! I’m sorry I have been MIA from posting. I missed writing on here and hearing from all of you. I want to than everyone who has entered the giveaway and remind you all that today is the last day to enter and next Thursday the winner will be announced!!!
Monday morning I woke up feeling refreshed and ready for the week ahead. My morning trip to the bathroom was interrupted by my middle girl who stomped into the bathroom informing me she needed the toilet.
“All we’re asking for is to level out the playing field,” he said. “We waited 15 years on this, and we’re still not there.”
45 seconds!
Next week Lynn will provide the questions. It is raining today in London so I’m think this will be a great day to snuggle on the couch and read part four.
Time is short,
The mystery is fun and fast paced keeping the reader interested in finding the big baddies. Over the course of the series you really begin to love this quirky town and all the characters.
COMPARISON SHOPPING: Jane’s Journey
This is entirely speculation, but any way I see it, the only certain thing about this is the numbers. They don’t lie.
Why this business would stimulate investor interest is not clear. Its total revenues for the nine months ending Sept. 30, 2011 (its last reporting date) were only $3,562 and its total assets were just $249,884.
I also volunteer time each week to help our church’s education program and youth group. Much of that work involves writing curriculum, drafting messages and other online tasks and is squeezed into “free” evening and/or weekend hours.
As we walked back to our house, the heavens opened and the rain poured down. We got to try out our own version of a classic Mythbusters episode: do you get more wet walking or running in the rain? Our conclusion? It makes no difference, we got comprehensively soaked no matter what we did. To finish the day we had pizza in front of the television and watched… well, Mythbusters of course.
Out of nowhere, some random idiot dressed in a rat suit started punching Tom, and since I was right there, I grabbed the moron, pulled him off Tom, and then we were all thrown out. As we were standing outside, we heard threats that the police had been called. We were stared at in the street by these aggressive meat-head mongoloids, but nothing else happened.
“Lord, teach us to pray just as John taught his disciples.”
Disclosure: This book was won in a giveaway through Read It Forward. Many thanks.
I love dark chocolate.
Just as Jo overcame the temptation to write sensation stories just for the money, so Alcott did in her own life, with her writing material reflecting this progression. Elizabeth Keyser in a brief biographical introduction of Louisa May Alcott’s Work, describes Alcott’s works from her early sensation stories to her final success as a children’s author. She touches on Alcott’s unfamiliar adult works, like Moods,saying that they “had been roughly treated by both its publisher and the reading public,” indicating the resistance Alcott received when she attempted to assert herself as an adult writer. In Alcott’s efforts to portray the truth of woman’s search for independence, “her candid treatment of adultery and divorce as alternatives to unhappy marriage,”(72) she found not to be lucrative to either pocketbook or soul. Though Alcott tried her hand at adult literature, she was satisfied with the fact that her fortune and name was made in her children’s literature, which has endeared the hearts of children of all ages for generations.
So essentially since they have no evidence they are calling for a review.
Beyond the search for an unsullied name, the return of these brands also speaks to a desire for greater clarity in the financial services industry. Everyone knew what firms like E.F. Hutton did; they had a clear business focus and a mission that was well understood by clients. Nowadays, it’s hard for customers – large and small – to be sure if a giant bank really knows their business and is committed to them.
- Interact with students through workshops and guest lectures
The truth, it seems, has been uncovered. After demanding information from her, Fortunata eventually confessed that it was she who had fed her husband the poison Belladonna, arguing that it was a kinder death than the one that the Senate would give him. Perhaps so, but Sestillius would have broken his own ring and not have given it away to his wife for fear of fraudulent activities which Fortunata was prepared to undertake. The other scroll we found to be Sestillius’s will and she had planned to divert the money to herself rather than the original recipients that he had intended, his cousin I think.
Parker and Elvis had a unique partnership, with Parker having all the business smarts and Elvis having the artistic smarts and neither one really understanding the other. A recipe for a disastrous success.
"Yeah," I say, "why do they ask you that, I'd rather know like, your favorite food or something. Like why cant they ask models that? Or even, 'do you eat at all?'" We laugh, I tell her how some supermodels eat cotton balls to stay full during fashion shows, she makes barf noises screaming, "HOW CAN THEY DO THAT??"
One roof we once lived under.
We’re working on a new design of badge at the moment following the renaming of the club last year but a pic of one of our old BSCSC badges is attached.
Surely there must have been a better way to go about it. I didn't qualify for any scholarships, work studies or grants -- but maybe I didn't try hard enough to find ones I *did* qualify for. My monthly student loan payments are on par with a 160K mortgage and I won't even own a home at the end of them. I do wonder whether I would have finished my degree when I did, if at all if I had had to go half-time and worked harder to earn money to pay for college. I only finished my degree because I was able to live with family rent-free after transferring to another school. If I had just done that in the first place would I be in the financial hard spot I'm in now? Probably not. No one really cares where you get your bachelors degree anyhow, only that you have one.
Min 7: “This blog will never be freshly pressed. SWEET MOTHER WILL NEVER BE FRESHLY PRESSED BECAUSE GOD AND THE WESTBORO BAPTIST CHURCH HATE ME.”
There, while they sat
From a seated, cross-legged position, inhale to lengthen through the crown of the head. As you exhale, drop the right ear to the right shoulder. After 2-4 breath cycles, gently tilt the head so your nose and chin are pointing down towards the right leg. Remain here for 2-4 breath cycles, then return your gaze straight ahead. Staying on this right side, gently place your right hand on top of your head to intensify the neck stretch. After 3 additional breaths, release the hand & return your head to an upright position. Repeat on the other side.
Yummmmmmm *drools on keyboard*
After we introduced ourselves to Carol and Gail, we started discussing other ways Cat’s Cradle could promote themselves via social media. The shelter already has a Facebook page (http://www.facebook.com/CatsCradleShelter) with 1,381 likes, thanks to Gail, who dedicates her time at the shelter, feeding, caring, deworming, and then goes home to do social media promotion. Gail said she would be interested in branching out to Twitter, but she doesn’t have time to use, or learn how to use, the social media site. That’s where we said we could step in.
Paper: Basic Grey
That, indeed, was a source of constant remonstrance between servant and master. “It does seem a pity, sir,” he would say, “not to hang them”; and to the reply, “No wall space, Dawson, no wall space; wait until we move into a larger house,” would answer with a shake of the head, that implied that in his opinion such a removal was as remote as it was improbable.
Forget that high dollar Orvis crap. A shirt called the “Trout Bum” that costs $98? Are they nuts? Are YOU nuts? Forget that crap. Don’t even buy that mid-range junk from Bass Pro Shops that will come apart after one season. Go to Walmart and find the hunting section and buy a camo pattern T-shirt. Any pattern of camo will do… YOUR CHOICE, NANCY.
Total Size: 149 MB
THE WEST
Businesses that produce goods are more likely to introduce new production or businesses processes as well as new or significantly improved products. This is a result of considerable research and development that takes place. According to the research, while manufacturing makes up only about 11% of GDP, it is responsible for the overwhelming majority of domestic research and development spending by companies. It is this research and development that is a critical component of innovation.
Norton 2013 Product Lines in Public Beta – Norton AntiVirus 2013, Norton Internet Security 2013, and Norton 360 2013 are all now open for public beta testing. Symantec, the company behind the tools, is looking for feedback on both existing platforms and the coming Windows 8.
Here is what I finished:
Drawing upon the wisdom and experience of Church Fathers, Padre Quadrupani illustrates the difference between involuntarily experiencing temptations and voluntarily committing sin.
In case someone else has never done it....here is a pictorial of how I did it.
We’re on a crazy schedule today. First up, will.i.am and 2NE1 are doing a fashion shoot for L’Officiel Hommes magazine. will.i.am is modeling some of his favorite Resurrection outfits and we count at least five wardrobe changes in less than two hours. The energy in here? It’s electric.
“The foot-and-mouth disease outbreak that originated in Ganghwa County of Incheon might have been spread by a farmer who recently visited China,” a report dated May 18, 2010 said.
State governments that have the temerity to demand voters show official identification have been stirring progressives to righteous indignation for some time now. They noisily protest anything that would prohibit the dead, convicted felons and illegal aliens from voting, since those groups are a reliable Democrat party constituency.
I really do think that this matter should be handled. I feel that my complaint is 100% justified. I am NOT a person to complain about anything... especially Disney related. I can't even send food back at a restaurant if it's poorly cooked. What we're dealing with right now with Disney is an exception to me though. We can't change our travel dates because it would incur a $150 fee per ticket to fly out and back on a different week. We were told something specific, now TWICE, and I feel that they need to hold up to their word. It's about decent customer service and they simply are not offering that right now. This has been SUCH a stress to all of us and it's putting a damper on the excitment that we had going.
I am proud to be from a country that has, in the past more than today, opened their arms to the foreigner and the alien. If not, I wouldn’t be here and neither would my wife.
Neither did Aminadab appear
Just when you thought all the bargain's had been snatched there will be more to find from the 5th January 2012 at the Craft-Room the sale there is really great 25% off everything! Nothing to work out while you are shopping the discount will be taken automatically when you go to check out. Happy bargain hunting.
fun grew free for
“I am not going to wade into constitutional law,” Sebelius responded. “We are implementing the (health care reform) law that was passed by the Congress, signed by the president, which directed our department to develop a package of preventive health services for women.”
Hey ! Hello.........
So, what if God decides to put an inkling of good in the hearts of people who have so far rejected him, just like he did for you before you were saved? Isn’t the basis for prevenient grace the idea that we don’t even have the ability in our fallen state to reach out to God, so the Spirit graciously gives it to us to make salvation possible? Christian, if he put the potential to recognize Light in you, don’t you think he can do it for someone else, even if they don’t identify it as being from God? Here’s what the Apostle Paul has to say:
The Energies of May
1. A profile of each diocese, providing information about characteristics of the
My husband, Jim, says I’m addicted to purses. Admittedly, I like them, I just don’t know why because I have very little to carry in them.
filled with great fervor and zeal
Irish Celebrity Big Brother contestant Georgia Salpa is fifth, followed by US pop star Katy Perry. Megan Fox, glamour model Keeley Hazell, Friends With Benefits star Mila Kunis and Dancing On Ice contestant Emily Atack complete the top 10.
EYTT’s Education and Program Coordinator, Gema Alonso, has worked with our students since summer 2011. She has developed a mentoring and academic relationship with each of them in preparation for the SLE. Throughout this time students have made progress towards their personal and academic goals. As the program transitions it will be amazing to witness these young men and women continue to form their identities and become conscious global citizens. Our students are enthusiastic about what is to come in the next seven months, from exploring their own city to packing up and traveling overseas.
If so, say “yes – truth” and allow the energy of the Divine to flow to and through every cell of your body, filling each, invigorating each, and filling in-between the cells with light and love.
The other day I was explaining to someone that not only do we not celebrate Christmas, Hubby & I don't exchange gifts. Ever. It just doesn't make sense to us because we collapsed our finances years ago. Instead, we buy things together - often when we travel. I'll buy a piece of jewellery, he'll buy a watch or t-shirt, or we'll pick out a piece of art. That way we remember the trip, not a birthday or anniversary (which we think we can remember all on our own). But the woman I was talking to asked me this, "if you don't exchange gifts, how do you know he loves you?"
discovers his plan, he sets up a trap for Darshun and his five
BUTTER by Erin Lange. I don't read many contemporaries but this book is at the top of my wishlist. It's about a boy “Butter” who's going to eat himself to death live on the internet.
Patients suffering from irritable bowel syndrome and other gastrointestinal disorders are all too often treated with steroids or anti-inflammatory to alleviate the symptoms. It is well known that diet and nutrition play an important part in the treatment of gastro-intestinal disorders but it is not commonly appreciated that hypnotherapy and psychotherapies offer extremely effective therapeutic options that should not be overlooked when considering the appropriate remedial treatment.
Location: Villingili Island, Addu Atoll, Republic of Maldives
What is it about a candle that can change the mood in a room instantly? I don't know .. but I know I lurrrvve them. I recently purchased a glade jar candle in the scent Angel Whispers .. it is a really pretty scent, not too overpowering. To kick off my blog I've decided to do a giveaway contest. One lucker reader will win three glade candles .. not sure of the scents yet .. it will be a surprise .. heehee.
Transfer the ice cream into container, press a piece of parchment paper directly on top of ice cream. Cover the container with airtight lid. Freeze in coldest part of freezer at least 4 hours before serving.
on proposed Street Parties.
The beer is not the only thing worth raving about with A Saison Darkly. Even the packaging of this beer is unique. The label artwork is done by tattoo artist Lee Versoza.
637 - Bill Almon
Millie Jackson: It Hurts So Good
Home is where the heart is. Home is where the art is. …
I, admittedly, enjoy reading up about consumables but food culture sort of misses me. I think a part of me wants to understand because I really do love a variety of foods but I always seem to fall short once it starts to sound like an erotic novel about rare ingredients. Then again, I suppose the alternative isn’t much better:
The weather is heating up and we’re hot and heavy into construction. Let’s get together and enjoy a cold one. Join us at the future brewpub on Saturday, June 12 from 7-10 PM for an evening of good beer and good music shared with good people in a co-operative environment.
off my feet. I'm so uncomfortable, frustrated,
The Next Doctor
Once again, Stacey found himself wanting to believe and believe in Mattias. He sounded so genuine and kind. It took effort for Stacey to shrug off this encouraging statement and remember that Mattias was lying, and that he'd probably never see the ocean again. This only made him feel worse though. He never said goodbye, and here on land was the last place he wanted to be buried. All the while though, his hands kept up their pace. After working for demanding captains, Stacey had learned to separate his hands from his thoughts and picking fruit was a easy enough that the skill transferred.
Take Haiti as an example. Before the black slaves revolted and killed all the whites and half castes Haiti had a GNP greater than most of what is now the USA . It supplied 60% of all the sugar used in Europe. Today it is a wasteland. Apparently if you Google Earth the place you see is a sere, brown coloured landscape compared to the neighbouring Dominican Republic which is green and verdant. Twice the USA has occupied Haiti , building roads, ports, hospitals and schools while putting in a functional society. The moment the Americans left they reverted to dictatorship, voodoo, witchcraft, corruption and barbarism. They did not stagnate, they regressed to the primitive savagery of their forefathers
This is the lovely purple flower stamp used on Laura’s German postcard. She told me that she is not very good in her English lessons. Believe me, she does just fine, especially compared to me. I know very few German words! No where near enough to write a postcard to someone! She also said that the mouse on the postcard is famous in Germany.
It's been four years now. Four years ago today, Jill took her last breath, and I said goodbye to the dearest friend I've ever known. Cancer is such a cruel and brutal disease - for the last year of her life, Jill was in constant pain, and then the tumors that had metastasized to her brain caused a hemorrhagic stroke that left her paralyzed and unable to communicate. She was literally trapped inside her body, fully conscious of what was happening to her, fully able to feel pain, fully able to comprehend the horror of her fate, yet unable to move or communicate her needs. She could understand us when we talked to her. She could respond to yes or no questions by moving her head. We had to guess at what she needed, and it was horribly frustrating for her when we weren't able to figure out the right questions to ask. She so desperately wanted out - for so long, she had fought with all her heart just to live a little while longer and spend more time with Katie - but by the end, she just wanted out. She just wanted to be free. Her whole life, Jill had never met a challenge she didn't face head-on, and she never gave up on anything - cancer was the first thing in her life that ever made her give up, and I hate cancer for doing that to her. It had already taken away everything she had, and in the end it took away her will to live. Of all the cruel things it did to her, that might have been the cruelest of all. And I couldn't help her. I wanted more than anything for her pain and suffering to end, but I was completely helpless. All I could do was sit by her bed and watch her suffer in unbearable agony, and I'm still haunted by those memories. Katie too - she saw things no child should ever have to see, and she still has nightmares about it sometimes. I'll never forget the intensity of the emotions we all felt in those final days.
15. Tundra Ballet
I love these stools, they have a sleek and smooth texture. You know black goes with anything. Plus the price were unbelivable. I couldn’t believe I was receiving 2 stools for basically 60 bucks plus shipping and handling. Every store I browse for stools, one stool was the price of both of those stools put together and they were not swivel. Stores like Pier 1, J.C. Penny, Sears, Wal-Mart, Garden Ridge, Target. These stools turn completely around, you don’t have to get up to turn your stool around if you want to change direction. My husband and I eat our breakfast in the morning before leaving for work at the breakfast bar sitting in those stools. When we are watching the news we just swirl around in the stool. Everything was just like they advertised. I received the stools in the amount time they said I would. I also received an e-mail with the tracking number to let me know the status of my package. Great DEAL!!!!
Saturday, May 26
We have a special song. One that has stood the test of time. I’m no longer a huge Shania Twain fan. But I still think that the words to the following song ring true.
So let's go to the pictures!
This week we want to see projects created with your own backgrounds, embossing, or just plain cardstock… NO designer paper.
TUESDAY January 4th I weighed 285. Today I weigh 282.
If you’ve never read Daniel 1 before, that could be a really good idea. If you have, then you’ll remember the verse which has kick-started this controversy. Let’s check it out, it’s verse 8:
Helix
“Doomsday cults are money-making enterprises,” said David Silverman, of the American Atheists. ”I wonder what is going to happen on May 22 when people no longer have their possessions or their savings and we are all still here and they don’t have their rapture.”
What's amiss with agenda distribution?
Design - Premonition
make ‘something’
So much in my garden at the moment is luscious green and budding! Besides the roses and hydrangeas all other flowers are still wrapped tightly in their buds hiding, maybe from all this rain? One thing I am grateful for, is all this waiting has made me appreciate the beauty to be found in a bud, the moment before they burst open and the bloom steals the spot light....
tunes. If it really was his father, then it was touching in a dry, wry way how father and son supported each other for this event. Kent offered to constituents, uniform flapjacks and sausage patties. Their volunteer cooking crew were stuck in a road laneway by the building to do the grilling.
to their crying was to send His Word! This is the principle you need to
Honestly, is it safe for her to be driving in such a garment? Any non-Muslim wearing such a ridiculous thing to drive in would have the book thrown at them if caught, and no one would give it a second thought.
Honestly I don't know what I hate more that, or people who constantly bitch about being pregnant. Seriously fuck you. I get it sucks to be pegnat sometimes, but if you're going to constantly bitch about it you don't deserve your fertility.
He did so with other teenagers, by slashing and stabbing the victim with knives, choppers and a screwdriver .
I tried this new layout with Vintage Modern on a green background ....
Here you can see the stick pins I included in the package to my partner (I do hope she liked them, she didn't mention them...I think she was worrying that my package beat hers across the pond, LOL!!) I am not worried. These pointly little pieces of art are so easy to make, why anyone wouldn't want to try their hand at them is beyond me... but you do need to have some jewelry making supplies and of course lots of pretty beads...my passion are flame worked beads, Swarovski crystals and Tibetan sterling silver spacers and beads - yes, I know beer budget champagne tastes, LOL!!!
To fully understand Easter, we must look HISTORICALLY at the observance.
.mountain of pain
Revelation 20
Hello to my blog friends and family. So many things have happened since my last post!!! For one, I am officially done with school (my last day was December 17th). And to add to the excitement....I am now a licensed cosmetologist:) I took my state boards last Monday, and the results came in the mail Saturday and I passed!!!!! I will even tell you all my score because I am so proud of it.....it was a 93.....what a sweet relief!!!!
We have the greenhouse on drip irrigation, fertilize with 8-4-4 organic fertilizer, bone meal and fish compost. Little boy pee diluted 10:1 is a great amendment as well.....We plan to winter our layers in this greenhouse with access to outside (back their henhouse in under cover for the winter) ...which should make for some rich soil!
Sharing for Sunday Sketches on this, the first day of a new month also known as ... please think about THE DATE....
Birds and animals live to soar high in every moment of instinct. For them, every thing is now.
Kage baker
This elegant bag in Monogram canvas is perfect for everyday sophistication. Its large opening makes carrying and accessing contents fast and easy. An indispensible accessory for every occasion.
(originally published at thefrontpageonline.com)
The body of the drink feels very much like a premium continental lager, with a faint syrupy richness and a vivacity in the oxygenation which invigorates without terrorising the mouth like some ('normal') lagers can.
of freshly birthed stone.
September:
Will the clerk say, "Yes, sir," and go do the task? On your life he will not. He will look at you out of a fishy eye and ask one or more of the following questions:
10. Retrieve cat from neighbor's shed. Get another pill. Open another beer. Place cat in cupboard, and close door onto neck, to leave head showing. Force mouth open with dessert spoon. Flick pill down throat with elastic band.
"Love & Hugs" Carol
Meanwhile in the headwaters of dar al-Islam, the Saudi woman who had the grit to drive a car (verboten in The Kingdom) has been jailed.
Time spent recharging your batteries and maintaining your physical and mental health is not wasted. It is a necessity. Time frittered away attending to tasks easily achieved buT relatively inessential to your ultimate goal is wasted - a criminal waste of a precious resource.
Buffy wiggles into the conversation for a sense of the familiar, intermingled with a delightful tangent in social service wordplay, and we finish off heavy with the ethics of piracy. LISTEN YOU SOME.
I have plans for a matching headband but with the craziness of the week that didn't get done so I'll get that put together and share how I do it (if it works out) because it's going to be a new one for me.
Breaks me like a twig
love fiercely,
Your typical personal characteristics are: a strongly subjective, emotional and impulsive approach to life and to everything that attracts your attention; a tendency to be emotionally confused or to reach out eagerly toward some deeply felt compelling goal, to project your feelings upon people and situations, without much regard for what these actually are in themselves.
Even prior to announcement of the DSG, the American military is still pursuing WMD’s as combat troops have been deployed to chase local ‘terrorists’ that pose no threat to the US; such as the Lord’s Army in Uganda and escalating a US military presence dispatching 2,500 Marines to Australia to protect US ‘national interests’ in the South China Sea and Indian Ocean.
Also, the issue isn’t the arena, it’s how the arena has been used to get politicians and the public on board for the larger project, which includes 16 towers. The arena would be only about one-tenth of the entire project.
Here's to another week of no nail biting!
Am I perfect – not even close, but I am loveable and loved unconditionally and that is more than enough! All along I had thought what I wanted/needed so desperately was to be perfect; what I had really wanted was to be unconditionally loved. God removed the barrier to receive what had been mine all along and continues to be mine every minute of every day. Do I still aim for excellence in what I do, absolutely! But, when I miss I can still love me; still receive God’s love and still receive the love from those around me … such a deal!
Stay-in-jail strategies work best with larger numbers, but they do not require unanimity to work. We want to encourage people to do actions whether or not they can stay in jail afterwards. Solidarity is no longer effective movement building if the costs of an action become so high that only the extremely heroic or the chronically unemployed can do actions. When people feel judged or coerced into solidarity stands, they often react against the whole idea and may be reluctant to do future actions. When people feel supported in their choices, they will often make great personal sacrifices to support the group.
three people have passed away in the last few days that mean a lot to folks who mean much to me - although the deaths were not unexpected, their deaths will be devastating -
I created the numbers on my computer (using Copperplate font), then printed them out on label paper. Fold each piece of scrapbook paper in half diagonally, then in half again. Use the fold lines to cut 4 equal triangles.
3 good-sized boneless chicken breasts, cut each in two
We kept walking in love,
95) I just had to come talk with you. Sweetness is my weakness.
A submarine. I’d like to think I’d be pretty safe from the brain-munching buggers. (Unless your fellow sailors are infected, Steve! Bwahahahaha!)
So, Hubs, hope you are reading. There's got to be a spoil-your-wife kind of day coming up soon... Plus pampering is important. Just ask some of my favorite girls:
Out of this wood do not desire to go:
Lord, thank You for the four blessings You have given us to raise. Please help us teach them that while we are all part of a greater family in You, their first and best friends are the siblings with which You blessed them. Please grant them hearts that are humble and forgiving towards all people, but most especially towards each other — and please, Lord, grant my husband and I the grace to show them, daily, what mercy, humility, and love look like in action. Keep us mindful that no one of us is greater than any other in Your sight, and that to believe otherwise is to make the grounds of our souls fertile land for the seeds of envy, wrath, and pride, all of which serve to separate us from each other and from You.
In 1840 she was one of several American women chosen as delegates to the World’s Anti-Slavery Convention in London by the American Anti-Slavery Society & by other abolitionist groups. Arriving in England with her husband, she found the convention controlled by the rival American & Foreign Anti-Slavery Society -known to Garrisonians as the “New Organization”- & its opposite number, the British & Foreign Anti-Slavery Society, both opposed to public activity by women. Despite vigorous protests by Wendell Phillips & others, the American women delegates were refused recognition & assigned seats “behind the bar”. Though Lucretia Mott was thus deprived of a voice in the proceedings, she was nevertheless described by a friendly journalist as “the lioness of the Convention” (Liberator, Oct. 23, 1840, p. 170).
"RUN!"
Just got home from Swedish and Visiting Mary,,,,,,aka,,,,, "Bunnie." You know how you know someone for a while, then- meet their family and they have a nickname you've never heard before? Mary's family and Childhood friends Still call her Bunny............
Anyway, I eavesdropped that it might be opening in about a month. As a venue for Flo's cabaret show. Flo will appear Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays, while still making Sunday gigs at Tootsie’s, 1818 Main St. They plan other shows Tuesdays and Thursdays, along with Happy Hour offerings.
Thou shalt now 'grab' thine bag; rather than carry it. Bags shall be bijou to allow for clutching at the breast; or crumpled and held away from the body as if disposing of an offending article. Never do, 'trophy', 'big' and 'stuffed' - too gauche and by all means ditch the handles, lest you be tarred and feathered.
3 cups rice, cooked
I will be working on improving the SEO and SERP of the company domains! Along with improving the companies online presence and other taskes like testing to changes to products, Coming up with marketing campaigns, creating a sales guide for the sales team targetign namely our resellers.
After 10 years together (this past Sunday!), Husband and I finally got the whole gift giving thing right this year.
Scientists, doctors, and others scrambled around trying to cure what seemed like a growing number of baffling diseases. Some even guessed that it could be the cyanide itself causing the problems. After all, it was in everything, wasn’t it? But then look at all the people who ate and drank cyanide like everyone else and never got sick – they seemed to be fine. Baffling…
Our government likes to show it gives, but this time like many other times, it gives to the guy that do not deserves. Unless the government learns to wipe out those semi state enterprises bosses who does not perform, never tell the people about productivity, it do not hold water. Sigh!.
‘Many documents show how hard it became to recruit curiales (mayors) for cities, governors for provinces, and military officers, because Christians refused to hold such offices……Some modern historians think that this general defection on the part of Christians was one of the most important reasons for the decline of Rome from the 4th century onwards.’
3 hebrew
No more turmoil please, please spare me. Let me go. Please, release me. My blankets are covering my head now. The Thunder grows louder. Set me free please…let me sleep.
We had a lot of fun at the beauty school. We talked to the nail techs about Miche purses, and about kids, and about this that and the other thing. We were done around 1, and headed to Bassett center.
And from Carroll, lest we neglect that there was more than one restorative in Hitchens’s life:
If you've never made homemade lemonade you don't know what you're missing. Here are just a few simple ingredients that take no time at all.
Bootleg Title: Brondby 1969
Though it lacks rhyme or reason, we know it to be true,
Like the Sklif of a Daylight Moon
1. Columbus sailed into the Caribbean and never even set foot in what is now known as the United States. So, why do we, in the United States, give him one of our 8 Federal holidays?
It was a long road getting there though, let me tell you! I decided to whip up the batter and let it sit in the fridge overnight after a botched experiment with making blueberry ganache for an upcoming foodie challenge given by The Daring Kitchen, and failed infusion of lavender in cream had gotten the better of me. Convinced that my kitchen mojo was waning, but not wanting it to get the better of me, I set everything aside and pulled out some dusty faith out of the cupboard, dusted it off and got to work.
Most of my posts were prepared and scheduled ahead of time. This is especially true of the earlier posts. That seemed to make the entire challenge much easier to complete. I would recommend that others at least plan the subject of the post in advance.
One of the most conspicuous soldiers on the battlefield is the color bearer. Those who carried the regimental flag into the fight could not carry a weapon, as both hands were required to raise the flag and keep it aloft for the rest of the unit to follow. As a result, the enemies fired at the color bearer more than any other soldier, because if the flag fell, those following it could not continue their charge. On the opposite side, those attacking could not allow the flag to fall. Therefore, as one color bearer was shot down, another, and another would grasp the standard and carry it onward.
Up until this morning, I still didn't know if we were actually going to get on the plane Saturday. Thankfully, I got the call that all is good and we are set to go!
Harvey: (still pensive) I sure am.
Apart from getting out there and actually moving more often we should all be taking part in some form of intense activity at least three times a week. That means getting hot, sweaty, with a raised heart rate (not what you are all thinking!!) challenging your body, increasing the intensity, progressing the exercise, changing your exercise routine or programme, mixing it up a bit. It you don’t change the exercise periodically your body will simply get used to the exercise and it will cease to provide your body with a challenge and your body will stop changing.
More fun Pictures...
Jackie O. joined our group a few weeks back and promptly took herself off on a bit of a holiday, she joined us today and bought along this beautiful Baltimore quilt. Although it took Jackie 2 years to create, each block only took between 7-11 days to complete!. Jackie was shown how to do needleturn applique and as so often happens, she was hooked.
Place the pan in the freezer for 30-60 minutes, or until ice crystals form around the edges.
I read what I have written and wonder who wrote this. I look at the sky and the world around me and feel the missing link …I search within and outside for answers but none come my way.
He became a law unto himself. The Met’s terror of taking any action against him made him feel even more invincible.
How can God encourage us if we feed upon that produced by the world through the various forms of media? If there is a steady diet of T.V., movies, DVDs, Video games, periodicals, yes, and even the daily newspaper, how is God going to have His input into our lives? The sailors had no means of encouragement. This is true with every unbeliever, for the world offers nothing of lasting value. The ultimate goal of such a person is seen in Hebrews 9:27. “And it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment.” They may not have known the verse but there is this implanted truth in every unbelieving mind for all, by nature, are afraid of death.
As dog owners, we cannot allow ourselves the luxury of giving in to our anger and frustration. Will we feel these things at times? Yes. But much like a conscientious parent, we have to have the wherewithal to rein it in quick before it disrupts the pack.
Many of the properties have been reduced by over 50%. 1,887 have been reduced by between 50% and 70% with more than 1,155 properties reduced by more than 70%.
When the raven, who had retreated to the table again for another plate, came back, he held a truffle out to me. “This one is filled with black currants.”
He wasn’t sure how Buffalo Woman died, but speculated that she had been shot with a poisonous arrow because of a small mark. No arrow was found.
Jay Sneed, 22, who went to kindergarten with Justin and was one of his closest friends, is one of them. “Everything down here is just real bad when it comes to situations like this,” he said. “This is not where you come to find justice.”
But what does it all mean and, really, is it worth anything? I mean, none of the scripts involved have been optioned or made. There are writers out there with no contest results to their name making films all the time. Well, I suppose for me it does mean something - else I wouldn't waste my time entering. For me it means that I can populate my writing CV which would otherwise be empty with information that a prospective production company can use. It tells them that my script has been through a detailed process of reading by a professional reader; analysis and feedback; is formatted to industry standard and, finally, is worth another read.
Down here
But I wore it on the day of my interview for the prison job and see it as my lucky scarf now.
There are self-publishing authors like JA Konrath, Amanda Hocking, John Locke and (on a smaller but perfectly formed scale) Joanna Penn who are generous with their figures but they’re selling books from the tens of thousands to the millions. So does that mean you’re a failure if your figures are more modest? Or are you actually doing better than most? What is the average royalty earning for self-publishing authors? How long does it take for a self-published book to reach peak sales? What are the most successful authors doing to market their books?
*(image source - Profimedia.com)
We wandered the grounds in search of a proper picnic place and then ducked inside to find the most palatial setting for our lunch.
As much as I LOVE fall and Thanksgiving, I dive right into the Christmas spirit the second I wake up the day after Thanksgiving (though I don't go seeking that spirit among crazed, bargain seeking, sale shoppers. . . if you know what I mean).
No really this is, the ten best drama shows of the last decade. If you’re looking for something to watch, check the list to see if there is anything you haven’t seen.
Hello dear bloggers...
I don't think this process is for the light-hearted. But so far, I've been pretty lucky I think. I'm hoping the rest of the system will go well.
Joel + Ethan Coen, A Serious Man
3. What would you do with an ENTIRE Saturday afternoon to yourself?
--"Tranquilo," he says, 275 times in the first lesson. I'm supposed to be looking into his eyes, To use them as rear-view mirrors, maybe? This is progressive dance, he should have his eyes on the road. The only place it makes sense for the partners to make eye contact is on the stage, and it's for the benefit of the audience, not each other. But these are technicalities.
The following precautions taken during an international flight can help to limit or prevent jet lag:
“Fabulous. I’ve gone from having the nitwit drive me to the idiot,” Tess muttered under her breath.
Irrefutable proof was presented by a retired CIA agent. He provided testimony and records of the banks illegal activities, to lead further evidence that the Farmers’ Union claims were indeed legitimate. The implications of such a decision were profound. All gold, silver, and property titles, taken by the Federal Reserve and IRS must be returned to the people.
One day I woke up to view the multicultural world and saw a sharia-governed world instead. Multicultural society had become an Islamic society.
In the kitchen, dishes filled the sink, breakfast food was spilled on the counter, the fridge door was open wide, dog food was spilled on the floor, a broken glass lay under the table, and a small pile of sand was spread by the back door.
Grapefruit
Last week we took a trip to the Arabian Knights Farm. My very good friend Gabi volunteers there on the weekend so she was so nice to invite us and let us get up close to some beautiful animals!
How often have the miles waxed wide, the woods and mountains come between
“Whatever anyone says about his performance in this film, to my mind he certainly looked the part,” notes Mandy. “And this image was already well known to blues fans: just look at the LP cover (The Mike Raven Blues Sampler). I think this is why they approached him. He certainly had never heard of the production company, or of Tom.”
Interested parties gathered in the small, cold room; the two principal doctors picked up their instruments to begin cutting...and then Anne made a “raddling noise” in the back of her throat. One doctor said it was merely some air coming back from the lungs. A student thumped on her chest to help bring up the rest of this and the instruments were wielded once again. But then Anne’s eyelid was seen to twitch.
1 SAMUEL 12:24
Community: Other Issues
Albino and Preto – I don’t even care that the Albino and Preto logo is basically a rip-off of the Jameson Whiskey “stamp” logo (which I again ripped-off for the header image, above). This logo successfully incorporates Brazilian national colours in a fresh, bold design. It’s ironic for a company that means “white and black” to have one of the best uses of colour in their logo. Albino and Preto is probably the best-known Jiu Jitsu brand that doesn’t actually make anything.
It is true that EHE is an issue, but it is one that highlights the failings of schooling and social services. Furthermore, it brings into relief the shortcomings of government bodies that operate without proper care or respect for practitioners and educational research. Educationally, EHE is one of the most innovative and exciting growing movements of the current time.
MBBS (Gold Medalist), M.S. (Orth.), MCh.(Orth.)
Then, following the example of his mentor, the end of the world date-setting Harold Camping, he launches into a goofy and irrelevant calculation of the percentage of all the Catholic institutions in the world that these three represent. Of course, this is another vintage Sungenis debating tactic: the diversion. The hope is that no one will notice that this has no bearing at all on the fact that he was proven wrong on his “challenge.”
And speaking of video stuff: I’m also hoping to finally get a trailer made – a general one for the CITY WEDDING series, to publish by the end of the month. (If not March, that’s a definite for April.)
His political skills consisted of rarely voting on anything that might be deemed controversial. He went from a legislator in the Illinois legislature to the Senator from that state because he had the good fortune of having Mayor Daley’s formidable political machine at his disposal.
Hiya all....Really do not know where April went , but it's 1st May and so that means we have a fab new Challenge for you over at Ready-Teddy-Go
I passed a bloody girl, sobbing in fright.
1) Take down the entrenched, establishment Republicans and their betrayal of conservative values.
He warned that unless an agreement is reached to raise the amount of money the federal government is allowed to borrow, debt will “weaken our economy, cause higher interest rates for families, and force us to scale back things like education and Medicare.”
He does hunt. Often. The belly brooks no want and the claws must be kept sharp. So in the faded sunlight that oozes down below the leaves the beast rises to his feet each dawn and dusk. There is blood on the wind and flesh on the bone. The hunger calls, and the time has come to feed the maw.
the reason air travel is such a safe travel option is because innovation in the aerospace industry is almost totally constrained by improving safety and therefore inch by inch incremental safety improvements.
‘Oh, Richard!’ she replied. ‘Don’t tell me that you’ve forgotten!’
This is it for now.
written by: Tim Krabbé and George Sluizer
Before I go I just wanted to share with you my favorite SSD stamp set. Remember, If you buy this set or any other before midnight on the 23rd of September $2 will go to the Komen Foundation.
I hope you have a great Friday!
Post a screenshot from the bold you're arena adapted now:
Please accept my apology.
Palmina Delli Gatti, 33, New York, N.Y.
Odds: the longer I live, the more people I love, the more pain I will see.
This year proved to be quite a challenge ... Forget-me-nots just took over my small backyard ... and as much as I hated to do it ... I had to hack a bunch of them down ... just to gain ground!
I hear this is like a milestone or something.
In midst of all this, I forgot to tell you that Porus was able to thwart Alexander’s plans just by being himself. He had lost the battle but when Alexander asked him how he’d like to be treated, Porus said, “treat me the way one king treats another.” Now, if nothing else proves that Porus was a Punjabi, that does – doesn’t it? (Ask a Punjabi to find out.)
Susan May Warren is the RITA award-winning author of over thirty novels with Tyndale, Barbour, Steeple Hill and Summerside Press. A four-time Christy award finalist, a two-time RITA Finalist, she’s also a multi-winner of the Inspirational Readers Choice award, and the ACFW Carol Award. A seasoned women’s events speaker, she’s a popular writing teacher at conferences around the nation and the author of the beginning writer’s workbook: From the Inside-Out: discover, create and publish the novel in you!. She is also the founder of www.MyBookTherapy.com, a story-crafting service that helps authors discover their voice. Susan’s next book The Baroness comes out in 2012.
Then I climbed up onto the roof.
I actually felt comfort and peace knowing that we are in His arms of Protection.
Thou common friend, that's without faith or love,
2) Sky Forensics
"Paperback Hardcover
“Because of the size of the project site, its location at a major transportation crossroad, and the complexities of building over the rail yard, it is not possible to develop the site without some temporary significant adverse noise and traffic impacts,” the DEIS states.
I’d like to begin this section of the excursus by drawing your attention to the work of Jonathan Z. Smith–a renowned professor at the Divinity School of the University of Chicago, about whom I’ve written briefly previously–in particular an essay that he wrote called “Here, There, and Anywhere,” which was the opening essay of the excellent anthology Prayer, Magic, and the Stars in the Ancient and Late Antique World. (I’d recommend the whole anthology, but anyway…!?!) Smith’s essay suggests that in the ancient world and late antiquity, one can clearly see that different religious phenomena fall into the categories of “here,” “there,” or “anywhere.” (I’ve also written about that previously.)
Many of the students I work with have been exposed to things that are years beyond their maturity level. Sexual innuendos, conversations, letters, looks, etc. are not at all uncommon to see as you walk up and down the hallways. There is an 8th grade boy who has a reputation as a “player” around school. He has at least 2 girlfriends at any time and several more girls willing and waiting to replace the currents. The males on staff frequently pull him aside and chat with him.
In its first full year of operation, 4.4 million vehicles used the tunnel, while in 2009 that figure was 27.7 million.
All I ask you to do is take responsibility for yourself and if you are working or intend to drive the following day think about how much you drink the night before, because the morning after the night before might just be an unexpected nightmare.
Brother Carl dropped me off at the trailhead on Monday with instructions to come back on Thursday, and off I went with the world’s heaviest backpack. The weight was mostly water (isn’t always); I was carrying nearly 1.5 gallons in two plastic water bladders, intending to hike to a what the map labeled as a “spring.” You can’t always believe what you read, so I wanted to have enough water to get me there and back. Of course I drank water freely.
the walls were painted a rich terra-cotta, and brown and cream chevron curtains were added for some graphic appeal. a new mirror, light fixture and art configuration add additional polish.
Those brisk fall nights in October, where the seasons are changing and the smell of fire fills the air, making loneliness that much harder to bear. Because when the weather gets cooler, and the nights shorter, everyone wants that person to pull in close when they’re sitting in front of the fire.
Of red and yellow
So here comes the question(s). Do I go the digital or traditional Project Life route? I love things about both. Also, the decision is not a matter of software or knowing Photoshop. (I have Photoshop and use it regularly.) So I am hoping this is where you all will come in helpful. :) Do any of you use Project Life and what route have you gone? What do you love about your method? I'd love to hear anything you might have to offer. For those digital Project Lifers, where do you print? That is my big hang up with going digital, I've seen prices from $1.99 to $2.99 per page. Just to note, I probably won't be getting a core kit. I already have quite a number of digital kits that I would rather use digitally or print out on paper.
Beano, Dandy, Buster, Twinkle and Dennis the Menace.
Thank you all for participating! I have mailing information for Robin, Joey and Larry. Sherri and Pat, please contact me with your address? I will mail them out right after Christmas.
Well, a month or two ago I (it was actually Jon) found this wingback chair on Craigslist. I had been eyeing a pair of wingbacks, but the lady would not lower the price...I stopped looking and then Jon found this chair. This is the Carter chair by Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams which retails for around $1700 - who would honestly pay so much for a chair? Not I...even if I had the moolah.
I only do a sample meeting for clients who spend over 10K. And only if they ask.
If you are paying attention you may recall that in my opening sentence I asserted that Twitter is lateral as well as linear. Even better, the lateral can link back into the linear in serendipitous ways. A couple of days ago a random retweet threw up a perfect example of this by leading me to a blogpost by Mack Collier (@MackCollier) entitled “You will fail at social media.” Intrigued, I read on – and I thoroughly recommend that you do too. Embedded in the post is a video of a TED lecture from Sir Ken Robinson whose 15-minute presentation on why education matters posits that creativity demands we have to dare to fail in order to succeed. This short video has radically altered my thinking about my childrens’ education and training and education in the company I help to run. I can't recommend it highly enough. Sir Ken’s thesis observes that children dare to fail until adults educate that courage out of them – and that this traditional approach to education is disastrous in the context of the global creative economy we live and work in.
Favorite Character of the Episode
The makers of this game were influenced by the popular claw game at casinos. The installation required the players to use a foot-pedal and gear-knob to control the claw in real time. It is one of the most advanced projection mapping I have seen lately. Players have to pick up the Chevy Sonic to win the car. People who pick up the gift boxes instead of the car win some cool prize other than the car of course. I wonder if any of these other prizes involved a track day or a visit to the factory to see how the car is made, basically a prize that engages the users to find out more about the car effortlessly and makes it easier for them to take decision to buy the car. Financial prizes involving price – off, reduced interest rates etc. will certainly help to gain customers.
She noticed the ever-present protesters on the other side of the street. One of them, a young woman, was carrying an infant in a baby carrier on her back. The baby had a thick tuft of blond curly hair that begged to be looked at her. Her face reminded her Tori of a Pampers’ box.
4 Red Giant
No.4, I’m not aware of any way of life only open to those who reject any notion of a divine power. One may find that the ‘life scientific’ is more often chosen by those who have no religious belief but one is not excluded from any scientific position on the basis of religion, even if there is a clear conflict between the tasks of the scientist and the belief in question. It is up to the believer to decide what he or she can/will and/or cannot/won’t do and whether or not the role is suitable for him or her, not the faculty or institution of employ. There have been cases in this country of registrars refusing to conduct same-sex civil partnerships and shop assistants refusing to sell alcohol, purely for religious reasons. Public opinion has very much been on the side of common sense in these cases. If you can’t or won’t do the job and all it entails for religious (or moral) reasons, don’t take it, it’s not up to your employer to be your moral compass, they’re there to assess if you are capable to fulfilling the role, not to check if you feel ok about it. Going back to original point however, I think it unlikely that a self-professed atheist (or indeed Muslim) would be able to find work as a vicar or imam, no matter what qualifications were held, or what previous experience acquired.
"Yup," the Mad Hatter said. "He was crazy."
I am so excited to share with you that I was chosen to be a Guest Designer for the ONE and ONLY - One Crazy Stamper!! for the month of May! *insert HUGE grin here!* The gals over at One Crazy Stamper (online store) are the most amazing gals EVAH!! Their customer service is top-notch, prices are amazing, their orders arrive lickety-split...and....they are located right here in CANADA!! Bonus!!
Now, if you CAN answer all of those questions, then that’s different. And if you tell it to them in a different tone and with less… tense body language, you’re sharing an opinion. Of course, nobody would ever just be sharing an opinion when they say those things, right?
The stakes are getting higher here, as these players are where the votes are actually counting, the emotional ties are deeper to certain players, and there’s more of a visceral reaction when hearing these players’ names, especially when in reference to their time with the Mets.
The only thing I changed was the filling. It was AMAZING people. Seriously, I love bananas and roasted bananas are even more awesome.
Maile Rachel Hale, 26, Cambridge, Mass.
Paper: Rich Razzleberry, Whisper White
We can only hope that once the Great Realignment completes in one country, it will have some kind of cascade effect on the others, speeding up the process there. Otherwise the Muslims will be laughing all the way to the mosque and the benefits office.
- We demand affirmative action, in the interests of community cohesion, to promote Nazis to high positions in the security services.
Dear Gigi,
In the meantime, author B. L. Fowler remains hopeful that this Mother’s Day will be one many moms will certainly remember, especially those who receives a copy of his new book.
Lore of Athel Loren
117. Deep breaths that calm and relax.
Experience Hendrix, LLC sues Capitol Records and the Beastie Boys for using various Hendrix samples on the song “Jimmy James” from the Check Your Head album. Though Jimi himself claims to have nothing to do with the lawsuit he takes a hard beating from the music press and fans.
The big problem with something like the flower show is that it's all on a grand scale, but you can't get that sort of perspective on it when the hall is full of people. It's like trying to learn about an elephant by looking through a pinhole, closeup.
BY MARVIN BELL
As for advice, I would say to only pursue publication as a writer-illustrator if you are confident that you are equally strong in both areas because essentially you are giving an editor two reasons to reject you.
If you have similar problems in your city, you need to contact the restaurant managers and ask for Texas beer.
Jazzmaster Silver Dial Watch
We took my Daughter's Best Friend Sarah (this is who the 21st card I made on Friday is for) on Holiday with us. We are really lucky to have a Centre Parks very close by (about an hour and half's drive away), and we went for a nice long weekend's break.
Clean with rag or soft brush. Absorb moisture with a dry cloth. Also works on upholstery, but always test a small area first.
I know it sounds like I'm not fully committed to my dreams of working in the publishing industry, but I think success stories I hear involve people who have money and resources. I have neither. And I've tried moving to big cities and waiting tables- let's just say that's not an option for me.
"Oh," I said, and began singing "I'll stumble for you..."
Here are this weekend's scores:
Duck, You Sucker (good)
Many Christians meet folks who say they are ‘Messianic’ and assume that those folks are Jewish Christians. Most aren’t Jewish at all, but Gentile Christians who have chosen to pursue Torah observance and have adopted the Messianic term, calling themselves Messianic Christians, adherents to Messianic Judaism, or simply, Messianics. Some will even try to avoid that label and say that they are followers of "The Way".
The House Beautiful cover with mi amour on the cover. Is anyone else out there as obsessed with the Brinson’s house as I am? Was there anyone else who kept this issue in their car for two months – just in case they needed inspiration at a red light? So, imagine my surprise and utter delight when I saw a blog with a magazine cover that looked like Jill’s living room.
When I first heard of the earthquake, I was deeply saddened, but there wasn't much I could do. I mean, what is there do to? We can send money to charities that are helping, but besides that, there is not much to do but move on.
Also important to note that if you decide you want to exit their site. You end up getting this message:
Add steaks and cook until desired doneness (I think a medium rare is perfect, about 6-8 minutes per side, depending on the thickness of your cut). Let rest on a cutting board for about 5 minutes.
Clearly,Raimi has a true love of the early Spider-Man books, and he shines with his choices in this installment. He modernizes the characters without sacrificing why they work. I was so pleased with this one that I could not wait for the third film. If you are doing a second installment of a super-hero franchise? You should watch this and X2. If you just like super-heroes? You should watch this and X2.
My friend Casey showed this to me last week, and I have literally spent a ghastly amount of time looking at these and LAUGHING MY HEAD OFF!
Today I have Cult Nails Captivated to share. Most of you have probably seen this one or have it but it is too stunning for me not to post it. When I pulled this one out of the box my husband was standing next to me and commented it was the coolest polish he has seen. I knew then it was going to be awesome, he never says anything more than "that's nice" about any polish. Anyways, Captivated is a coral jelly loaded with an orange/gold glitter that at certain angles appears green to blue, so pretty!
Angie and her husband Jeremy will be opening a pharmacy in the cute little shopping district in Mt. Laurel soon and she had emailed me several weeks ago that she was looking for local crafters to sell their items in the gift shop part of the pharmacy (the pharmacy itself is called PharmSouth and the gift shop is "Spoonful of Sugar", so cute!). I now have some picture frames, initial boards, burlap crosses and more in the gift shop!
So if Alleyne arrested and ppl at TV6 not arrested…is not under this Act then? All yuh see why I asking if is the Mental Health Act or Dangerous Dogs Act? Because somebody in tv6 has to be liable too….because is the station broadcast the thing.
The last 5 years have altered everything; our wants and needs, our goals and focus, our dreams. They have strengthened and weakened bonds, they have broken bonds. I have felt joy, guilt, completed, undone, unraveled, ashamed, free, bound, afraid and then fearlessly able. I have never felt more myself and more questioning of what that Self actually is, what she is to be, become.
who, when you lock eyes with them,
It’s great to know what is working from the past year’s marketing plan. One of the easiest ways to do this is to simply ask how you’re doing. Seems simple, right? That’s because it is. You can conduct surveys online, make phone calls or even ask customers in-person.
PETA’s Sexism Indirectly Reinforces Speciesism
R - Clearly you were.
“We Did Not Choose This War” and Other Hypocrisies
My creating style is usually very neat and tidy - BUT today I've gone waaaaaaaaaaaaaay out of the box!!! You know what? I actually liked it!
Convinced that ‘ethics is a function of Christ’s “continually operative” reconciling and revealing intervention’, and that responsible ethics is as participatory as is life, prayer, worship, etc. – i.e., it takes place in the life of the Spirit and from the side of Jesus Christ – Holmes is concerned that we engage in conversations about ethics in light of the contemporary presence and determining ministry of Jesus Christ. He seeks to take with full seriousness the fact that ethics is a function of christology, the human counterpart to Christ’s vicarious obedience and faith. ‘Ethics’, he writes, ‘is simply action evoked by and participant in his saving action and saving obedience. Accordingly, ethics is behavior that recognizes “the pioneer and perfecter” of our faith’. Ethical acts, in other words, are acts aligned to the presence of a particular person, and to what that person – Jesus Christ – is now doing. Accordingly, ethics is not concerned with the good abstractly understood or indeed with any norm or concept apart from a particular living person. And Holmes calls upon Christians to continually turn to the person who speaks through his Word.
Now that we have some custom content, let’s do something with it. The first thing you might want to do is edit the Player’s character. We’ll do this by going into the Database.
So, after that hatchet job, what remains of Edward Foster's legacy? He is unlikely to have had noble ancestry, he does not appear to have served in the miltary, probably never had royal patronage, let alone a royal appointment, and did not live to be a hundred (he was ninety years old when he died). For me it is his fine body of work that stands out, dozens - perhaps hundreds - of gilt-tinged black and reddish brown silhouettes in public and private collections, most signed simply below the bust with "Foster Pinxit" (Foster painted it) and a date, and a good proportion with the trademark "Foster & Crown" brass hanger. If you have a Foster silhouette in your collection, I'd very much appreciate seeing a scan or photograph of it, and if you would be happy for it to be shared via this blog, so much the better.
Today in the Times I read that a lady who lives near to Hull, is putting her house on the market because her neighbour insists on hanging out the washing on a line which then spoils her view. It seems that it is a man who is hanging out the washing - and that the said washing includes "his wife's knickers" (shock, horror). All I can say is - a MAN hanging out the washing? Surely that is a first (sorry men, I know that isn't true, but let's say it is a bit unusual.) "Why doesn't he own a dryer, like everyone else?"
Apart from science, suspense and thrill, these books can also be full of melodrama and tragedy. It simply depends on the creativity of the writer and the ability to deal with a wide variety of expressions in these interesting books. In these stories, readers get to experience the various mysterious circumstances and the wonderful transcendence of the characters. These drama stories showcase myriad expressions and intense emotions which may arise through various conditions in life. With the spine chilling enigma, these suspense thrillers serve great adventure for readers. In addition, these characters have different shades and various kinds of intentions.
*ARC provided by publisher
I did not have a lot prepared, and had not done OD&D since the pub game earlier in this year, but I dove in the last few days whenever I had a few minutes and tried to hammer out a scenario. I pretty much used my Tegel Manor Dynasty setting I did in the pub game; basically a prequel to full blown haunted Tegel Manor. This setting is sort of turning out to be my Ravenloft, a recurring locale with undead, demonic forces, family intrigue, and atmosphere. In a lot of ways I’m inspired by the old Dark Shadows program to give a living family angle to the cursed mansion.
And with a fading twilight,
the last light of honey
There was nothing wrong with his hearing though. As Rel's footsteps rang back from the chasm, Rissad twisted to look over his shoulder, then rolled onto his back with a cough that turned into a moan. The lie of his right arm betrayed his broken collarbone; an uninjured man only lay like that when pressed up hard against a wall. One side of his face was yellow-brown with the remnants of a bruise.
Okay, not all, it's just a REALLY sharp design - no stock photo boy body to ogle (and some of you may be grieving over that, so sorry), no attempt at the mer-tail, nothing but the water and the trident - and its sharpness and the glint of light from the tip remind us that it's not just something that Poseidon holds - it's a weapon, and a freakin' effective one, at that. The rough edging of the title font against the backdrop of the roiling waters let the reader know that Something Is At Stake. It's not all eye-candy and lifeguards around here.
Admiral Kolumbus was a drunk; he knew that he had no chance of winning the America's Cup. And he knew that the Red Bull Flugtag was for hippies - he was an admiral! He had no time for hippies, even if he had a drug problem and lack of ambition himself. He knew that discovering a new country would be difficult. But given his options, it seemed like the one he would most likely be able to complete. And so he set forth from Ostrava in four vessels - the Nela, the Fanta, the Santa Meringue, and Russel - very hard going considering that Ostrava borders no sea or river. But just as he reached the Czech Republic/Germany border, he received word from King Prcrztnate. "Wait!"
Write/Consider
16. CUTTER’S WAY (1981)
Starting with the foyer art I finally hung. I went out and bought some command strips, since these particular frames have a flat back and the hook and nail made it stick out from the wall. It all worked out in the end:
I know that God is with me at all times, and that the Holy Spirit lives in each of us. These days, I am also confident of God’s love for me… However, once again, I find myself in a position where ‘the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak’. My faith burns in me, and prayer is becoming more and more a feature of my daily life. But, I realise I still have a long way to go yet.
In "J. Edgar" we can see a parade of typewriters from various eras. Although only by a fraction of a second but they are a constant presence.
I recognize my own pain mingled with joy as I imagine how she must have felt. I understand intimately this year how her heart must have ached, and yet been flooded with a certain peace. How she had to rest in the Lord's mighty arms, secure in her status as highly-favored and deeply loved. How she gently wrapped her Creator in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger to watch him slumber, the Lord's heartbeat loud in her ears.
I used to dip the brush in water and pretend paint our sky blue door. For hours.
70. Visited the Lincoln Memorial
12. Nekropolis - Ghul
"Hello?"
I don't know what it is about me and the writing lately. It's like I left the brain faucet on again. I should be sleeping.
Nothing worked. If they found an intact artifact, like an electric car or a camera, it was fried. They came across a gas powered riding mower and it was blackened and showed evidence of scorching. There were many other things charred and sending up plumes of smoke. Judd was certain they would find nothing of use here. So they left the university and headed out to the main roads that were mostly uncluttered.
Once my options ran out, I was one hair short of being done with my illustrious author career. But then I did one last thing on a whim. I sent it to three small publishers: Deseret Book, Covenant and Cedar Fort. All three of them were almost exclusively religion-oriented publishers (Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints a.k.a. LDS Church a.k.a. Mormons a.k.a. Stephenie Meyer's Church). The first two sent me back nice letters saying thanks, like your story, but it's, uh, a fantasy kid's book, take a hike, psyche.
Ken instantly surrendered himself to the Force and let it direct his body. Gripping the Duros’ waist sash with the hand he’d had on the man’s back, Ken simultaneously pulled with all his might, while pivoting on his heel and lashing out with his right hand; the walls of the skyway were doused in brilliant green light as a blade leapt from one end of his weapon. When he leveled his stance, Ken was standing face-to-face with their masked attacker.
“Reading again? You are so lazy to do nothing but read!”
Hi Tracy! I’m 33, I live in a small town in Wales, and I’m hopelessly addicted to dark chocolate, Regency romantic comedy, castle ruins and magic of all sorts.
I started this blog talking a lot about comparative religion and my experiences in Arkansas as a new minority. For the last semester I've been out of the state, and really out of touch with the world lol.
unique viewing experience is the film making skill of director
Medium Distress Inks (ReInkers)
"Can I help you?" I ask timidly.
We love you Pinterest!!
company on the Overland Track. My boyfriend and I broke up while on the trip. I wasn't in
When I eat too much sugar, everything in my body hurts. Pretty much Chris can't hug me right now. It sucks. And it is my own fault. Chris took some of the leftover treats to work today, so hopefully that will help me kick this crap out of my system and not keep eating it. We do still have half a cake and some other goodies left though... MUST. HAVE. SELF. CONTROL.
Some authors have other jobs, and their personal allowance (the amount you can earn without paying tax) is used up on their employed earnings. So they need to set aside 22% (or 40%, depending on their income level) of their income from writing. That's really easy - no hard sums at all. Those of us who earn only from writing have a rather more complex calculation to do, but you can create a spreadsheet to work it out for you, and as a guideline if you set aside 25% of everything (so ignore the personal allowance) you will have about enough. If you expect to be paying higher rate tax, set aside 30-33% of everything, depending on how far over the 40% threshold you expect to go.
confidently you navigate these waters will affect your emotional well
I have created a separate page for Blogging Marathon. Once I get all details I will be updating this page. Bloggers taking part in this marathon need to just link back to this page.
Moses and Josie both died in February of 1948. Josie had “worked herself ill” caring for Moses (who possibly had Alzheimer’s or some kind of dementia) and he died 4 days later. They had a double funeral service and were buried at Palestine Cemetery. It’s something that my Grandmother remembered clearly. She wasn’t able to attend the service because she’d just had her first child.
It was excellent to observe so good-sized an audience for this Linbury lunchtime recital. Alas, it was considerably less than excellent to have to endure a number of persistently distracting noises-off – moaning, groaning, sometimes even shouting – from someone above. Whatever the reasons, and it may well have been that someone was ill, action should have been taken earlier by someone responsible. It was a pity, but ultimately music and performance won through.
½ small red onion, thinly sliced
Producer: Chris Eldon Lee
I made copies of vintage postcards on cardstock, cut them out and then stamped a postcard stamp on the backs. These were put into a small suitcase box for guests to write out either congratulatory messages or words of advice which they then pinned to a "clothesline" strung around a big tree. The line was attached to a balsa wood airplane. I was disappointed that so few people did this - I was hoping that everyone would and we could assemble them all in a little book for Dana and John.
Last term I was very flattered to be asked to take over teaching that very same course. I was nervous and excited when I met my first batch of students last January.
It's all good it's all fine
Your true soul song.
Later, we might like to commit the money we save on construction to buying a church kitset for an African parish, or sending them to places that have been hit by natural disasters.
And listened. One of them whispered,
This strikes me as the kind of info you would put on a resume only because you felt you had a reason to do so. If anyone can offer another possible reason, I’d be interested to hear it.
McDonald writes such a convincing description of Istanbul that I could believe he is Turkish. I originally bought the novel on the strength of his Hugo nominated “Vishnu in the Cat Circus" which had me convinced that he was Indian. But he is English.
WHAT IS EMO?
Yesterday was my birthday, and I was so glad that I had the opportunity to ride, though as you can see from Joey's windswept mane, it was VERY breezy outside! I'm supposed to work on keeping him long and low with leg, leg, leg and building his back muscle when I ride, and my personal goal has been to not fling my upper body about at the canter with him. I can always feel it the next day in my abs and calves, so I feel like I am making some progress...he really is a good boy despite trying to convince me otherwise once.
» 10/8 – Buffalo, NY @ HSBC Arena
Jen says: I advise starting with Yeah So before moving on to Paradise. It’s quite easy to let the latter wash over you without giving it the respect it deserves; Yeah So won’t blow you away, but it’s a more instantly likable album, which then paves the way for you to appreciate Paradise’s more subtle charms. It’s kind of like putting primer on before eyeshadow. You can put eyeshadow on without primer and be fine, but it looks better with the primer. (And here endeth the somewhat abstract simile.)
me: "Ummm, yeah, no. With my job its kinda frowned upon."
Drink out of a water bottle HERSELF
gold/cream charm bracelet - $6
1 handful sun dried tomatoes (you shut up, Beast)
I don’t know if I had mentioned that I have what they call a ‘sense of humor’. So I decided to try it with this girl. “I love to eat babies. Small, chubby, rosy ones like you", I said pointing my finger at her close to her face
The picture does this toy no justice. First of all he’s got two motors, both with speed settings, one for outside, one for inside.
Glory
Woohoo! It's the first Saturday in April, and that means the Stampendous team has a brand new challenge for you. This month, in honor of Earth Day, we are challengeing ourselves (and you) to make something that uses product(s) that are recycled, repurposed, or reused in some way. The possibilities are endless! Snazz up a household item and turn it into something beautiful, use something unexpected on your card, or even just use up some scraps you've had in your stash forever (that's recycling, right?!?)
Lush runs a light. Gets himself killed.
"We're in a Sherim. I sensed it while we were waking Dora."
And when the storm comes, and the mighty wind shakes the forest, and thunder and lightning proclaim the majesty of the sky, - then let your heart say in awe, 'God moves in passion.'
64 if
The Neolithic farmer simplified his ecosystem to produce quantities of plants that would grow rapidly on bare ground and would survive grazing animals, and he got exactly what he tried for, but some of them he cursed: tufted vetch, ryegrass, cleavers, thistles, coriander, and others.
This is quite an amazing looking vehicle; judging from the rear markings, it appears to have been custom built by a military armored vehicle company. I know the TIV 1 is still out there in service; I've seen it this year while chasing. I haven't watched Storm Stories in a while, so I have no idea if this has been worked into the documentary yet, but if not, I suspect that it will. It's quite a strange sight. And as for roads, well...
All that said, you never really know, and so it’s best to tell the truth, as with all interview questions. The beauty of this question is that there is an answer which is probably truthful for 99% of people and this one puts the ball straight back into the interviewer’s court.
Combine thoroughly
WHERE: Guitar Center Northridge
We are practicing spelling words this week with
…on me.
Tips And Words Of The Wise
Although, my sickly feeling is still there, stronger than ever.
TnT preserves it’s depth, Express got their much needed point guard and star in the mold of Mercado, and the Bolts would be relief from any Cardona-Mercado clash while getting a starting center.
There may be those who think that separatism is the most likely path for events to take. Can we not simply detach ourselves from our Muslim populations, letting them go their way while we go ours? One could envisage a population transfer in which Muslims and non-Muslims sorted themselves out in two geographically separate blocs. Might this not provide the best solution to our growing dilemma?
i am thinking...
This is the movie inspired by the music of The Beatles.
Vampire’s Quest “Beloved gay vampire lovers Xavier and Thomas return…” So, it’s a sequel. And it’s about gay vampires. What’s up with the undead being all sexual lately? I miss when vampires just drank blood and acted all angsty. I hope I don’t have to actually read the first one to understand the plot.
01. No Quarter
she's causing a riot.
Well, over the last two days, I have been using the heck out of my new craft room! I LOVE it!
Welcome to Blue Butterfly Stamps New Collection - Once upon a time....
The forces of Common Purpose achieve their goals by deception, and this yet another set of regulations which were drafted to achieve more than they appear to. The target again is primarily young white males, because they are the group our enemies resent most, but do not be fooled, we are all in their sights. The programme continues and will do so unless or until the people of Britain wake up and realise what is being done to them.
Getting a good deal on a gun is useless if it is not something you are going to train with or use, or is not mission specific for your needs. Ammunition, web gear, lights, magazines, slings, holsters, optics, etc., are other essentials you will absolutely need besides owning just the weapons.
To use the improv vernacular, don’t just yes. Instead, yes and.
To roll out the pasta, on a lightly floured surface, cut the dough into six or eight pieces. Working one piece at a time, fashion each piece into a rough rectangle, then pass it through your pasta machine on the widest setting . Fold dough in half or in thirds and pass it through again. Then fold and pass it through one more time.
Then, I'm hoping to hit up the Great Japan Beer Festival in Osaka, which takes place over the three-day weekend this month.
Mr Burnip, who is 51 and from Hebden Bridge, was looking out from Watbarrow
8. At The Edge Of The World 03:59
The recent debate over the need to reform, strengthen and generally reinvigorate intellectual property rights has taken on a stirring note, as IP champions have argued that we can innovate our way out of the current financial malaise that has blotted the economic performance of some of the world's most creative nations. With better IP protection, it is argued, there will be more investment in innovation, with the result that new jobs will be created, more people will be gainfully employed and paying taxes rather than living off them.
As an ecopsychologist, Dr. Esmerelda Green is skilled at solving the mysteries of the mind, especially if they collide with the laws of nature. But when a body is found below the crumbling cliffs near her Los Angeles home, she is pulled back in time to a tragedy that defies all understanding.
I know this might seem like the same old- a girl freaking out about touching a boy, oohaah. But actually, this girl happens to be a ghost. Just sayin'.
Game:25
This was the final Sunday of our Global Missions Fest--I didn't get to Church last week for Dr. Billy Kim (Korea) and the Korean Children's Choir. Had a minor physical "glitch" and had to miss. It was a busy final Missions Service, good music, good message, and Communion Sunday. We had some great reports from the different Mission Fields, and local Youth For Christ ministering. Lots of people interested in our Missions program.
Clark’s agent Paul Shefrin said in statement that the veteran host died this morning following a “massive heart attack.”
In the process, setting—the quiet workhorse of stories—is being short-changed. The characters are dropped in a location—a room, a park, wherever—and then it’s “Onward, ho!” to the action and the dialogue.
Plump Righteous – King Khan & BBQ Show
Under the name Shelley Shepard Gray, Shelley writes Amish romances for HarperCollins’ inspirational line, Avon Inspire. Her recent novel, The Protector, the final book in her “Families of Honor” series, hit the New York Times List, and her previous novel in the same series, The Survivor, appeared on the USA Today bestseller list. Shelley has won the prestigious Holt Medallion for her books, Forgiven and Grace, and her novels have been chosen as Alternate Selections for the Doubleday/Literary Guild Book Club. Her first novel with Avon Inspire, Hidden, was an Inspirational Reader’s Choice finalist.
(thank you) (this is not medical) (this is not about our marriage)
Of particular importance is the following fascinating quotation from the film’s scriptwriter, Yuri Arabov, quoted by writer Yelena Andrusenko in her essay Faust or How Man Tempts the Devil: “Sokurov showed a tiny devil being pelted with giant stones. Compared to the evil incarnated in Faust, the devil looks like a fleck of dust on the cultural and mythological stage. And suddenly I realized that we made a film about a breakup between modern man and metaphysics as such. Compared to medieval people or people of the Renaissance, we are just a flat sheet of paper, because when we completely break away from metaphysics, we lose our spiritual essence. We may position ourselves as humanists or as Orthodox Christians. But our hearts are empty and devoid of love. I made a script about how a man tempts the devil, or pawnbroker, how the pawnbroker cooperates with the man, how the notions of duty and kindness change, and how, by striking a deal, the man betrays those notions. As long as the world is divided into the good and the evil, mankind is doomed to live with the Faust syndrome.”
(box of 12 ~ 3 each of 4 designs)
The biggest thing we are working on now is getting her to LOSE weight. Actually fluid. She went from 1.14 lbs on Monday to 2.11 last night. We knew she already was carrying fluid but now she likely has a good full lb of fluid she's been holding on to. We started to get pee last night and it continues to get more (volume) each diaper. This is good, as her kidneys are starting to function again.
add tsp of cayenne pepper
As we approach the 1890s, trains come to Coney Island and the character changes somewhat. Daytrippers come in, and the area will shortly be characterized by amusement parks and side shows. I don’t want to get off topic by talking too much about side shows, but it’s obviously a form of entertainment very much related to vaudeville, and indeed many of the top vaudeville entrepreneurs either got started presenting sideshow style fare in dime museums, or perpetuated a sideshow-style fare in some of their booking for vaudeville houses.
I'm literally at a loss for words. I never imagined I'd hit that mark.
When we first started, I was worried about some of my struggling students being able to keep up and understand what was expected of them during this time. So I decided to do our first week of Calendar Book entries in small groups as a part of our morning rotation. That allowed me to help each child understand what I expected and get them started. Once I was confident that they could all do it, I switched it to a whole group activity. I also pulled a few of my high kids aside and gave each of them one of my lower students as a buddy to help as we went along. I told them to show their buddy where to fill in the answers if he or she was lost, and to help them stay on the right page. I also learned to xerox the different pages each on different colors, and that made a HUGE difference for some of my low kids in knowing where we were in the book. They could see that in my book, I was on the pink page, and so they should also be on the pink page as well, etc. For children with fine motor or other issues, sometimes it helps to fill in the answers with dotted print on the computer on their pages only. That way, they can follow along without extra assistance in a whole group situation.
7. adding a bit of alcohol ink (peridot)
Chino Valley Farmers Market
Some Divine names in the indefinite form, like ‘Raoof’ or ‘Raheem’ are permissible names for men as Allah has used them for Prophets; but ‘Ar-Raoof’ (the Most Pious) and Ar-Raheem (the most Merciful) can only be used if prefixed by ‘Abd’ meaning ‘slave of’ or ‘servant of’ i.e. ’Abdur-Raoof’ or ‘Abdur-Raheem’. Similarly ‘Abdur-Rasool’ (slave of the Messenger) or ‘Abdun-Nabee’ (slave of the Prophet) are forbidden. (Naik, Concept of God; underline emphasis ours)
The weight off of my shoulders when I realized all of that was almost indescribable. I was so used to carrying this giant ball of stress everywhere I went that I didn't even immediately realize it was gone until it was pointed out to me! I thought of the wonderful week I took off of work for Spring Break. My kids were at Grandma's, I had time alone, I was totally de-stressed but when Monday came... I dreaded returning to the office and the same old politics and the same old micromanaging and the same old crazy demands. I had to force myself to walk into the building from the parking lot, praying in my car for strength to face the day. After my Emmaus weekend? I was eager to get back to work. I was excited to be connected to the people around me. I was happy to do my work to the best of my ability and then go home at the end of the day, satisfied that I had done the best I could.
When all you hear is the snores of a mistake,
I don’t profess to know how prizes and awards are decided, or what the machinations are, but you certainly couldn’t accuse the folks behind the Orange Prize of not being up to speed. For lo! Aifric Campbell’s third offering, a timely novel set in the world of investment banking titled ON THE FLOOR (Serpent’s Tail), was officially published on March 1st, and here it is, on March 8th, already long-listed for the Orange Prize. Impressive, no?
The main goal of community radio is to reach out to the local communities and boost the profile of the area and its events. With this in mind, the map below was created to show the average grant amounts given to stations in each geographical region 2005-Present.
All of our purchases were at Target. I just love Target....they never let me down! We were able to get everything we wanted to help warm up the space.
This card has a few new things on it for me (apart from the Memory Box die, that is!!) ... it is the first time I have bought a digi kit and used both a digi image and printed papers. I had to google what type of paper to print my backing paper onto, but it seemed to work fine. I don't think I will be printing papers as a rule as I guess they would hammer the ink cartridges, but it's nice to have the option :-)
b. the other world, far from taking account of our desires which would find no fulfillment in it, could be among the mass of things that make this world possible for us: to get to know it might be a means of making us contented;
I may not like the views of certain groups (PETA, liberals in general, the Taliban, etc) but if you can remain consistent in your views and actions, I can at least respect that you know your own mind…even if I can’t stand the way your mind works.
Level 9: MP Cost: 35, Duration: 90 seconds, 53% chance to not get knocked back.
This looks so different from my own horoscope weaving! I love it.
Also, two quick thoughts on the comments so far:
Then pressed himself
"This generation is faced with crippling austerity measures begun by the former Labour government and now accelerated by the Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition. The economic crisis has provided political elites with a practical justification for ideologically motivated attacks on the working class. Efforts to “bring down the deficit” at all costs have provided the state with the necessary camouflage to manoeuvre into savage Thatcherite cuts to the public sector, education and social welfare, while also creating an incremental process of privatisation of the National Health Service, greater tax breaks for millionaires, tax cuts for businesses, as well as strengthening attacks on workplace organising rights." But Collective Action believe that:
Other than that, not much new. I’m still cycling with my latest adventure being to drive all the way to upstate NJ for a race, pre-ride the course, only to bag it before the race even started.
My husband buried Luther Blissett in our garden.
You can also meet estate agents, developers, mortgage providers and other professionals who will advise you for free about available French properties
“I have nothing to hide,” Mr Pyne said. “I was simply passing the time of day. We had a beer and a political discussion.”
and we shall
but will we learn before we sleep?
Dear Heavenly Father, I am so grateful to You for revealing Yourself to me. I will always testify of Your Love and Kindness, so the whole world will recognize Your miracle-working power in my life, and believe in The Lord Jesus Christ! Amen!
There is new news today of note -- the single most potentially dangerous situation at Dai-ichi, the spent fuel pool at reactor #4, has achieved an increased margin of safety, putting us largely into the cleanup phase. That will be plenty of work. Here's the update:
I often have high expectations of people that causes me to get extremely upset when someone doesn’t follow through with a promise. Certainly, I understand that I should not be trying to control the person’s behavior, but I can still help the situation by not relying solely on a particular individual. Instead, I can be taking ownership of my own actions, enlisting the aid of several people, and of course, relying on God.
Talbot encourages everyone — even those who may not have mathematics or physics training — not to be afraid of the concept of quantum physics: anyone who can approach the subject with an open mind can understand the concepts, he says.
Third mistake, I totally forgot that anything labeled "A Tribute To..." SUCKS. I have albums that are tributes to bands, I've seen movies that were tributes to..whatever, and they always SUCK. "A Tribute To..." means nothing more than "We are not imaginative to come up with our own stuff, so we are going to rehash something someone ELSE did and pretend like we are honoring them, when all we really doing are using that name to draw you suckers in so that we can cash in on the other, more famous thing".
4. If your boss decided that he would cut funding to every department except his son’s, then rewarded his son for having the ability to make strong presentations, would you find this fair? Or would you be pissed off?
The essay is about Laura’s husband’s confusion in their marriage at that time and his desire to get out of it. When he told Laura he didn’t love her anymore, her reaction was, “I don’t buy it.”
On my way to Atlanta, I plunk into Delta seat 32B—because who doesn't love being wedged between two total strangers? 32C, on the aisle, immediately hides under her hoodie and eases into a classic leave-me-alone slump, which I totally expect since girls just getting over teenitis are really still full of "Ew, old people!" attitude. When 32A shows up, he makes me get up so he can squeeze his skinny ass into his coveted window seat—the seat I should have if I hadn't screwed up my online seat selection. Why the airline didn't immediately call me afterward and say, Dude, you SURE you want to sit between total strangers? is frankly beyond my comprehension. Why does no one question my sanity? No wonder the airlines are losing money.
But i wont bother you with those dramas as I am sure you are here to find out what the new challenge is over at Tickled Pink Stamps Challenge.
corruption, reverse racism etc)
YOU can make the difference by putting all of the customer’s fears aside and making sure you give them the most professional presentation they will ever see!
A: I’ve always been more drawn to the female form than the male form, artistically-speaking. I went to school for fashion design, focusing primarily on women's wear, so drawing women is very natural to me. I love the curves: sensual and sinuous. The clothing also goes hand-in-hand with my background. Instead of just nudes, I like how they add a playfulness to the images, making a celebration of the women.
The socioeconomic development framework requires that the benefits can be generated and shared within the basin (and within the basin states – the two not being synonymous), and that the benefits can be targeted to local-level socioeconomic developments that address very real problems of poverty reduction. Under the Shared Vision Program (SVP) of the Nile Basin Initiative the Socioeconomic Development and Benefit Sharing Project document states that:
well, literally like life and death -
New #01 Hand Embellished Limited Edition Canvases
The Messenger of Allah (Sallallahu Alaihi Wasallam) has said, “Whoever has been a Jew or Christian is not to be coerced from his Deen.”
I'll bet you see my point.
I find the rhythm a little laboured but it's captivating enough, and one that a parent can read a few times over. Not Karma Wilson's best in my opinion, but it is fun. I actually bought the book because little Miss likes frogs, but the lack of detail meant that the frogginess of the frog wasn't so obvious. Towards the end it barely resembles a frog. Also, the internal belly pictures are too abstract a concept for the younger ones.
(1 Corinthians 14:18) – I thank God that I speak in tongues more than all of you.
More on that in another post.
He wept. He promised ‘a new start’.
Row 7: sc2tog, sc in next 2 sc, sc2tog, ch 1, turn (4).
Nope, this isn’t advertising. It’s entertainment. And so I don’t feel bad when my kids spend some time in front of a Scholastic show. Unless it’s the one where Aretha gives the “Star Spangled Banner” the treatment.
792 **D-II/1/1980. “The Preamble to the Constitution of the United States.” Ohio University, Athens, Ohio. (Incorporated in Item C-2000(10), above, pp. 68-89.)
Publisher: Simon & Schuster Books For Young Readers
Dr. Karl Watson, the President of the Barbados National Trust, was in the paper recently saying he “eagerly awaited the day when the formal Cabinet decision to legally establish the National Park of Barbados would become reality.”
As you may have noticed, the "Houx Dat" Nation is electrified tonight, in anticipation of tomorrow's big game! We have gumbo at the ready, and tons of munchies on hand, including a big black and gold King Cake ! I even designed shirts for our family to mark the occasion. All we need now is a great game, hopefully ending with the Vince Lombardi trophy going home to New Orleans where it belongs!
Papers are from Kaiser Craft "Sweet Nothings and the telephone embellie is from My Minds Eye Stella Rose.
Hard-pushed employers and over-worked colleagues will be among those who agree with his analysis.
Another kick-ass heroine in an indigenous Italian series is Licia Troisi's La Ragazza Draco (The dragon girl). Troisi, who is big in Europe but not yet published in the UK is the author of the million-selling Mondo Emerso (emerged world) trilogies, all published by Mondadori.
Lately, on a few races, I have decided to inform them of who wins. Sometimes it's very obvious and they still call it a tie.
When I speak of heart light reaching out and souls connecting with each other I also mean that some people just get directed towards you by some common factor and a special relationship is built on mutual love, trust and respect.
‘Lucky Star.’
I’m also tired of waiting on BibleGateway to load the page for me to provide the link, and what more it makes for bad devotion. From here on out, I’ll be posting a link to the whole of Matthew 3 at the top of the page where the chapter title is (some of the links are present below, but they cut out toward the end).
Too bad I didn't have room for dessert, but I'm sure it's also exquisite. I believe every San Franciscan should check out the Educated Palate if they're downtown (it's at 4th Street and Mission Street). Go, support our future culinary superstars, and have a delicious, affordable meal (average $5-$10 per dish) during the workweek. You won't regret it.
Writing and editing always go hand in hand and they are equally important. You will also go back and forth between writing one story and editing another but make sure the lines between them do not get blurred. Make sure that you do not get so sidetracked by getting that novel done and polished and perfect that you forget to write NEW WORDS.
I was wondering how the cats would take to the addition.
James Horner’s score is somewhat mixed for me. The cues he uses for the marines early on are very thin and weak. His snare drum track sounds like a demo recording done in someone’s garage. Again, I have to refer to Predator as Alan Silvestri really brought a powerful, meaty militaristic theme to that film. Since Aliens really is more of a science fiction action picture than a horror genre creation, I can’t critique a lack of suspenseful cues, but it could’ve helped. The score services the big action moments well, but despite what praise it has been given in decades past, I never found it all that compelling or exceptional.
I’m including the serger info because I like to use my serger to finish the raw edges of my knits before hemming. If I didn’t have a serger, I might do a simple folded over finish or even leave unfinished since knits don’t really ravel. But the serged edge is nice and quick!
We would sleep through a light rain and awaken at 4:30 a.m. to the pre-dawn call to prayer.
A brown and silvered colored dog is barking with that contented doggy happiness and spinning at speed in the long grass beside him.
“The EC will always strive to do its best in carrying out its function and responsibility fairly to all those involved in the election,” he said.
2010.09.16 Philippines Basilan 3 0 Abu Sayyaf militants shoot three local soldiers to death in a surprise attack.
8. Lovin' Cup
Just as we arrived in Salisbury the clouds darkened and it started to rain fervently. We geared up and confronted the rain until we entered the cathedral. Salisbury Cathedral was definitely a highlight for us as we enjoyed its architecture and historical aspects, including the world's oldest working clock and the best surviving of the four original copies of the Magna Carta.
Foreign Secretary William Hague has indicated he is backing Rupert Murdoch in the wake of the phone-hacking scandal.
* I love Rapping when am bored.
The Best Archival Release goes to the massive Warner Bros sixteen-disc, retrospective box-set THE DANNY ELFMAN & TIM BURTON 25TH ANNIVERSARY MUSIC BOX, which was housed in a Zoetrope box and included an exclusive historical book. The winner of Best Archival Re-recording goes to conductor William Stromberg and the Moscow Symphony Orchestra for their re-recording of Bernard Herrmann’s THE BATTLE OF NERETVA and THE NAKED AND THE DEAD. Best Record Label of the Year goes to La-La Land Records, their second win in a row in this category, for such notable 2011 expanded release soundtracks as 1941, SPACE ABOVE AND BEYOND, FAT MAN AND LITTLE BOY, COMMANDO and STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION COLLECTION VOLUME 1.
Cute solar lights perfectly spaced by my sweetie adds a lil light for our evening talks on the porch. We also put in two flower beds with stacked stone and added a few porch plants in cute thrifted containers.
Man is insignificant in comparison to the callous workings of nature, and an indifferent cosmos, thus the noble man understands it as a virtue to hold as his primary concern his own importance, since no other agent will do it for him. Nietzsche states that the egoism of the noble man does not prevent him from recognizing and giving due privilege to individuals he deems as his equals, thus it is not so much about claiming superiority over all others, as it is rejecting all implications of one’s personal inferiority: “Its egoism hinders it: quite generally it does not like to look “up”—but either ahead, horizontally and slowly, or down: it knows itself to be at a height.”[2]
Me: What did...
Finally got some sunlight; the past few days have been almost constant rain, until we are having some flooding in some areas of Utah. When the ground dries a bit over the next few days, I hope to get the garden ready. There are lots of perennial herbs that I have been able to use, and some of the greens, but it has been a bit chilly for stuff like tomatoes, peppers, and squash.
Sometimes might knock me down
The woman who shared this interesting concept with me had an example to show me. Unfortunately, I didn't have my camera with me that day to photograph an actual Circle Letter. She comes from a large family and in order to keep in touch with her siblings, they use the Circle Letter as a personal and effective way to communicate. Rather than writing out a separate letter to each person, they simply write one letter and send it to the person next on the list who adds their letter (after reading the ones inside) and mails it on to the next in line. The list of names/addresses is contained in the envelope so you always know. Eventually the packet of letters grows larger and returns to the initial person on the list. They catch up on all of the news that has been shared since they first sent their letter weeks earlier and then they take out that original letter and add a new one. Round and round it goes. Brilliant.
We thought when we was cruisin’ with the top down it was sweet. With nowhere in particular to go, we’d go sometimes as far out as California Crossing and sometimes out to the Little League field (and it was when we and they were seniors), which was sweet. At the same time our parents worried ‘bout us gittin’ mixed up with the wrong crowd but little did they know that Lucky and me was the wrong crowd. And we had our reputations to protect, so we’d sneak off, go to the Little League field, where I smoked my first cigarette and drank bathtub rum from a flask I kept hidden in a special place under the dash of my 1929 Ford convertible. And as I was tooling around in a dream, half-dozing as I drove, I thought I knew what the future held for me but I didn’t see how my small town would grow into a midsize city and how I could’ve taken advantage of it if I could’ve seen that far ahead. Jake! Jake! I couldn’t wait to git grown. With my spurs and deep base voice, I’d learn to ride a horse. Yes, this was before zoning came to my hometown. And way before television. And lo, when we boys was looking for somethin to do we’d drive down to the levy. Now, it was sweet to go fishin’; now who went fishin’ to catch fish. When look, we was boys and when boys was boys, I must admit that we liked to hunt. Ah, the unlimited space for chicken and cows and horses ‘till the town grew too big (that was my folks opinion, not mine ‘cause I had as much ambition as the next guy). Who would ever dream our little town would git so big? If we had, we would’ve bought up as much property as possible. Yes, we would’ve, that’s who. Blessed assurance and Jesus was mine, we was religious too. Yes, Lucky who so often held sway over me. Lucky, who often convinced me to do something wrong. Me! Me prompted by a pro. He in his beret and his old dark brown velvet coat, with fake fur trim, yes fur (remember it gits quite cold there in the winter), and he’d talk me into drivin’ north to the California Crossing Bridge and, after we crossed it, to the Bloody Bucket. Only we was too young to git in the Bloody Bucket. Oh, what a painful realization it was when we found out that we couldn’t git in the Bloody Bucket.
Awesome hardcover copy of all three LOTR books in one! As Tolkien intended it. I’ve been wanting to get one of these for a long time, but they’re always very expensive. So I found this one on ebay, basically brand new, and with a cover that I had never seen in stores. Including shipping, it ran me $13. That is score that cannot even be MEASURED.
My sister and her husband, along with their 4 children have spent the past 2 1/2 years in a jungle of Peru. O how I have missed her calls, her voice, her encouragement, her energy and her passion for Jesus! As soon as their plane flew into our hometown this month, I loaded all my kids up in the car and we drove to my parents house at midnight to welcome them home! We absolutely couldn't wait until morning! As soon as I pulled up into the driveway.... We all jetted out of the truck and burst open the front door to get our hugs! All the kids were so grown up, yet each of them looked the same, talked the same and had the same personality! The jungle had not changed them ...it brought the joy of Jesus right out of them!!!! They were so mature and lively!!! O to hear the children squeal with delight at seeing their cousins again! To see the boys wrestling on the carpet, to watch the little girls play doll house, to listen to the stories of their wild journeys!
This is mostly a post for Gregory, who isn't watching Fringe yet.
It is not something to be avoided at all costs. We cannot lock ourselves in and keep it outside.
There is only one way to dispel myself of this unsettled feeling and that is to write three unconnected paragraphs to break the curse. I will pick the first three pieces of text that I have to hand.
The multiracial “reality” of our country has been achieved by deception, by intimidation and bullying, by bribery, corruption, propaganda and lies, it was however not achieved by either consent or democracy.
(Bytheway, it is not prudent (there’s actually a law) to make a lotta noise 2-5pm due to siesta time. That’s why I wanted to get the sanding done without taking breaks + it was a cool sunless day.)
Play appropriate game-show “thinking” music here as you ponder your answer.
I ask a friend how she did it.
a lot of work, but very successful! We sold several frames, redneck wine glasses and sheet music items. Surprisingly, we only sold 1 set of coasters and none of the wine bottle candles that my cousin makes. Having never done a craft show before, we learned a lot.
If you play along feel free to leave a link to your post.
"Sometimes in Winter" by Blood, Sweat, & Tears
"I had the pleasure of spending a very cool afternoon with many of these young people yesterday, and I can tell you that they are some amazing, positive people who will have an impact not just on the state of Hawaii, but on the rest of the world," Mrs. Obama said.
TONIGHT!
Oh, and I am certainly a fan of the music in these films, but Ghajini is an exception. Ugh I really did not like the songs OR the production/performance of them in here. Top 40-garbage honestly. Maybe that works for a certain crowd, but I have really grown to like the distinct Indian sound that many of these songs provide. Put some shit I can hear on boring radio here, and I want to leap on the fast-forward button.
- His ‘sole male heir’ should have the best in life
But how do I explain that to a girl who just wants more than anything to feel a connection to the dad she never really knew?
My uncle has his own, ever-growing, backyard flock and has been a wealth of information for us as we embark on this new journey. Aside from picking his brain, he literally got us started. The base for our coop was the old play structure from his yard. It also didn’t hurt that he loaned us all his power tools so we could build it. Even though he has a flock of laying hens, we were the first ones to get Barred Rock Chicks (granted he just picked up a couple yesterday…maybe he wants to be more like me? Well, a girl can dream, can’t she?)
If our circumstances happened to be good, we no longer dreaded a change for the worse, for we had learned that these troubles could be turned into great values. It did not matter too much what our material condition was, but it did matter what our spiritual condition was. Money gradually became our servant and not our master. It became a means of exchanging love and service with those about us. When, with God’s help, we calmly accepted our lot, then we found we could live at peace with ourselves and show others who still suffered the same fears that they could get over them, too. We found that freedom from fear was more important than freedom from want.
6 tablespoons cornstarch
Last night I pulled him out to let him graze a little before turning him out. He's such a pudgy little booger, but he stood quietly snarfin up all he could as fast as he could, thinking I would take him aways from it. When I leaned over his back and started talking to him, he slowed down in his persuit of inhaling the grass. After a while I took him up to the front pasture and cut him loose.
Part of the appeal of Murakami's novels was the 'friendly' nature of his novels and stories. They unfolded in strange worlds and yet they were very understandable and relatable, well grounded in reality. They had complexity but were made to appear simple. They were full of life's lessons. And Murakami was all too helpful to explain to the reader the mechanism of his story. It was narrative spoonfeeding, using the pages of the novel as venue for his fiction writing workshop. The narrative principle was given by Komatsu, Tengo's helpful editor.
Click through the images and let us know! These will be available at Exclucity on May 19th.
Jesus kept in fellowship, eating with His disciples and living with them for three years. He endured even though one of them betrayed Him; one of them denied Him and the rest left Him.
Total turnover moved up by only 762 tonnes to close at 6,599 tonnes. Total open interest dropped by 137 tonnes to 12,887 tonnes.July open interest fell by 595 tonnes to 4,657 tonnes.August and September moved up by 395 tonnes and 33 tonnes, respectively, to 6,057 tonnes and 1,338 tonnes.
The official bankruptcy announcement, and the potential shock of widespread bridge and runway detonations, will be immediately followed by mass arrests.
There are ways in which we know we will never connect to someone. We know it in our bones. It happens upon first meeting. It registers inside a buried cataloging system somewhere behind the darkest corners of our subconscious.
It smells kinda earthy floralish if that makes sense
“While the UK is not part of that group, we understand that one idea under discussion is a merger of the positions of president of the European Council and president of the European Commission.”
Damn it, I'm still ill. That cold won't go away! (T^T)
Of the five senses, I often find myself completely forgetting about smell. Isn't it said that smell is very important in unlocking memories? How awesome is that- it's a perfect way to lead into memories in your WIP.
Not coincidentally, the festival will take place in the same time with the Christian overlay “Adormirea Maicii Domnului” (August 14 to 15). The moment of silence of those who celebrate the Virgin and their loved ones, living or not, will be followed by an extraordinary concert that will be hold on the lawn, just next to the Merry Cemetery. Because the festival from Sapanta is about the beauty and the wonders, about the eternal cycle of life and death, about the father-mother-child triangle.
I did come up with the not very scientific strategy of running the first 3-4 miles at an 8:15 pace and then trying to finish up with a couple of sub 8 miles. There was pretty much no logic to this other than it didn’t sound too scary or impossible.
Days I exercised: Walked 6 days I think. Plus did some arm weights but not much.
So, to get an idea of regression to the mean, let’s pick an example. Take the children in a school. (If I have to clarify for you that I’m speaking conceptually, and not demanding their physical abduction, then stop reading this now and turn yourself in to the appropriate authorities before you commit any more inadvertent felonies.) Maybe just remember your own classmates. You should find that, in most regards, most of them are around average. That’s kinda what “average” means, after all. But some will be a lot brighter than the others. Or way taller. Or they’ll have a thumb that bends back way more than it should so they can actually touch it to their wrist. (Francis, I’m looking at you, that shit is not right.)
and put what you have learned to use in all other relationships and areas of your life.
Truffle or kosher salt to taste
It was hot everywhere and there was enough room for crowds of people but there were only two of us. I said nothing.
Yes, I know it’s that awful satin that makes me want to cry…..but LOOK AT IT. IT IS GREEN AND BEAUTIFUL. I’m going to overlock the shit out of all the edges this week, to stop it fraying anymore (it’s been in the loft for almost 7 years lol)
First of all, the cabinets will remain and I will paint those. We will however remove the cabinet above the fridge so that we can finally get a new refrigerator. This refrigerator is tiny, so we want a newer larger one. The previous owners did at least leave us with relatively new stainless dishwasher and oven, so we will go stainless on the fridge, too. For the cabinets, I am thinking something like this....
2 tsp finely chopped garlic
Note too that they would be presenting ideas to her while engaging her in aggressive conversation. This is a common trick used by evil people.
I think the first anniversary gift (according to tradition) is supposed to be paper... Just a thought!
For me, it’s a weight, though. I walk into the basement and find piles and piles of things – some things are very neatly organized, but then there’s all the “stuff in transition”. Stuff that needs to be fixed. Stuff that needs to be opened and assembled. Stuff that I’m saving for a friend, for goodwill, or stuff that I’m compiling for an upcoming yard sale.
Stars jiggled, black holes blinked, something rusty-sounding spat quantum bits into the Antimatter Pulse Primer. Then -
Baptism was not some new thing that John the Baptist started. For most purification ceremonies, immersion into a mikvah was a standard ritual prescribed by Torah. We just finished studying the Torah portion Metzora, which describes the purification rituals for cleansing a leper and a leperous home. Before a cleansed leper could return to a state of ritual purity (levitically speaking) he would need be immersed in a mikvah, or in other words, get baptized. (Leviticus 14:9)
BOOST FOR MIDDLE-CLASS FAMILIES
Here's the blog hop order in case you loose your way
Flash forward a quarter of a century.
If somebody, say, kills your dad, you can carve the dude’s remains into a throne and set it up in your war room. Think about that. Every time somebody comes to see you, you’re kicking back sitting on a chair made out of the FUCKING SKULL OF THE LAST GUY THAT REALLY PISSED YOU OFF.
favourite food after all).
I just cant seem to find the right plase to put it, and it
For while, of course, most Muslims repudiate any kind of sexual crime, the fact remains that the majority of those who are involved in this particular kind of predatory activity are Muslim.
to the concession window out the back of the shop
I am a bit new to this as usually it is a lose/gain weight scenario. Which would explain why I have not kept my body fat in check.
Call for Papers: In the framework of the 9th Historical Materialism Conference, ‘Weighs like A Nightmare’, SOAS, Central London, 8-11 November 2012
His doubt spanned more than a moment, more than a thought. He couldn’t shake the doubt off, nor was he about to blindly believe.
The Countess de Charny (La Comtesse de Charny, 1853–1855) (a.k.a. Andrée de Taverney, or The Mesmerist’s Victim)
Firstly, I was one of the lucky winners of the recent Some Odd Girl Blog hop and I won the new Hey Kaylee set! How cool is that? It arrived today in the mail. Thank you Kristy! I can't wait to use it, but I have a few other DT commitments that I must get off my desk first.
Cultivators
Alet: “The camp has over the years become quite infamous because the ANC-regime wanted to forcibly remove them to 'clean up the landscape' just before the Fifa World Cup football tournaments - and they put up quite a fight, one which the municipality lost. It originally was just a caravan-park but people started moving their when they lost their jobs and it's become an 'informal settlement'. During the battles of 2010 some people sold their little caravans and moved to escape the violence. When they heard that the municipality had given up trying to forcibly remove them, they returned and put up little shanties amongst the caravans. The majority of the adults are low-wage workers with little formal education who lost their jobs years ago - but amongst the latest arrivals also are business people.
The BeerTender is compatible with Heineken, Heineken Premium Light and Newcastle Brown Ale. It features an LED temperature indicator, and keeps the beer for up to 30 days after tapping. It also has a removable tap, a nice security feature to prevent underage would-be drinkers from sneaking a glass.
When I arrived Becca and I sat around and chatted and amused ourselves with the antics of her dog, Scooter. Best small dog, ever. Sorry I don't have a picture of you, Scooter. Once Scooter tired of entertaining us, we decided to get crafty and headed over to Purple Glaze, a local pottery studio.
Even the people who felt anger and disgust for Coach Paterno and his program when the Sandusky story developed, while still repulsed, couldn’t help but feel tremendous sadness for Coach Paterno and the amazing things he accomplished. Not only did he wind up as the all-time leader in coaching wins, bowl appearance and bowl wins, Penn State was time and again rated #1 in graduation rates for their football players.
Teachers at Chesterbrook Elementary School in McLean, Va., created an exercise trail using QR codes that students scan with a smartphone to get instructional videos at stations along the path. Physical-education teacher Jay Levesque said that “I can sit right here in the middle and kind of oversee everything and I know the kids are getting instruction …” WUSA-TV (Washington, D.C.) (4/26)
So tonight we had Joe's back to school conference. Like an open house / meet your teacher, only we had a scheduled time. We got to bring all of his stuff in and get it situated for when he starts school next week. We signed all of the emergency information, got his pin number for lunch (which he's keeping under lock and key because they told him he wasn't supposed to share it with anyone), and went to the book fair. Do you want to know the most impressive thing that happened during all of this? You'll never guess. I didn't cry. That's right. I held it together. For today anyway. :)
it's early. real early. I'm pretty sure the dairy farmers weren't even up when our alarm when off this morning. It's back to the LCCT for us as we are heading to Cambodia, more specifically Phnom Penh.
Dinner was more or less a pleasant experience, though Brulee commented that there was far too mcuh food. Though the look on her face when she first tried the hardtack was hilarious. Served her right for wanting it the first place.
In the wake of last week’s post, I’d meant to plunge straight into the next part of this sequence of posts and talk about the unraveling of American politics. Still, it’s worth remembering that the twilight of America’s global empire is merely an incident in the greater trajectory of the end of the industrial age, and part of that greater trajectory may just have come into sight over the last week.
Griffin Mountain
And when offer it as an impetratory Sacrifice, we must actually request something in general or particular; otherways we let the credit of the Son of God, which is communicated to us, remain useless and unprofitable. For as we all want merits which might find credit with God, we must not omit to offer those which Christ gained by the Sacrifice he offered on the Cross, which he has given to us, and they are applied and communicated to us by the Sacrifice of the Altar.
UPDATED with full text of statement
If you are not familiar with the Look Good Feel Better galas, they are designed to raise money for breast cancer awareness, and the idea of Look Good, Feel Better is, that if women with breast cancer can be helped to look good, they will feel better, and therefore brighten their spirits both mentally and physically and in turn be better armed to face the disease and fight it. Shoppers brings in makeup artists and skin care specialists and hair stylists offering makeovers and consultations by appointment. There are giveaways, and raffles and a percentage of certain sales goes to Breast Cancer research. I was honored to be invited to take part.
The EPA's harsh new regs were based on California's, the most onerous in the entire country and perhaps the world. Businesses and the most productive citizens are fleeing the state in droves and the 'official' unemployment rate is 12%, 3 points above the national 'official' rate. The real rate is close to 18%.
"Had my ancestor not made it out of here,' Richburg muses, 'I might have ended up in that crowd...maybe I would have been one of those bodies, washing over the waterfall in Tanzania or maybe my son would have been set ablaze by soldiers. Or I would be limping now from the torture I received in some rancid police cell...' – Sourced from www.revisionisthistory.org - (follow the link to read more)
Here’s to the crazy ones. The rebels. The troublemakers. The ones who see things differently. While some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do. - Apple's 1984 commercial "Think Different"
Oddly, what got the most attention was the green colored water in the toilet bowl (green food coloring). My girls still can't get over that the leprechaun had to "go potty" before he left our house.
It is very pretty for vintage style homes & would be so wonderful for weddings.
I had a nice early night planned for my hubby and I in front of the TV but instead i was lucky enough to spend the night in Hospital!
Sherri generously offered to give away an eBook copy of her book, To Dance Once More!! Open Internationally!!
Long Shot: Woody Harrelson (Lead Actor)
NATO has secured a mobile, integrated, combat-tested global expeditionary force for the West.
I am living a lie.
ROMNEY: Well, you’ve just heard the last two speakers also indicate that they support the concept of self-deportation. It’s very simply this, which is for those who come into the country legally, they would be given an identification card that points out they’re able to work here and then you have an E-verify system that’s effective and efficient so that employers can determine who is legally here and if employers hire someone without a card, or without checking to see if it’s been counterfeited, then those employers would be severely sanctioned.
It has been a while since I've been thinking about this : a litchi mousse.
I’m going to assume the law enforcement fellow who wrote to this site was well-meaning. He thinks he is giving us a wonderful gift: A little more ice-cold terror where our kids are concerned.
Brewed on 08/06/2009 by myself.
And even more than that, Romans 6:5-7 tell us:
and they open the doors to you.
Scared away a customer
The arrival of Boy Pulot brought new life to the franchise, as he propelled the team to its first victory against sister team Barako Bull Energy. Omolon seemed to fit in Pumarenz’ system and compliment the behemoth that is Marcus Douhtit, picking up misses and cutting in every screen set by the Gilas giant.
So if anyone ever utters that phrase – You just need to do more research – tell them this:
A couple dropped their car off to a dealership for it’s regulated car service and went out shopping (insert three urban myths here during shopping experience) and afterwards returned to the dealership to be heeded by the receptionist that their car keys were locked in the car.
Finals are over, and I'm officially NOT a 2L any longer.
I want to make a word book using Austin's name but knew for this I wanted to fill it with 4 x 6 photos. So I decided to try this style of word book instead.
Enjoy your weekend, that Spring sun and don't forget the clocks change Saturday night. (Boo - less shut-eye on Sunday morning!) Adios!
and I fear losing our then amongst
48. Koalas and primates are the only animals with unique fingerprints. Humans, apes and koalas are unique in the animal kingdom due to the tiny prints on the fingers of their hands.
Eagles' 'Long Road Out of Eden' is a bit too slick -Jim Farber
The image i used is a digi image by Alison Spelman called dress stand. The little part i coloured is done with my Copic markers. The papers i have used come from DCWV "La Creme". The heart shapes are cut out with my Cricut Expression using the cartridge Tags, Bags, Boxes & More. I should be ashamed of myself cause i hardly use my Cricut and i know i could make such good use of it, so shame on me for that! The sentiment stamp i used is one from the Greeting Farm.
Make sure windows are in.
8.black book of hell
Actually, what he said was “Damn, Girl! You’re a woman who thinks like a man. You should write a book. Guys everywhere will thank you”.
While Jane was sitting behind the beige partition of the bathroom stall, she heard the squeak of a door and the footsteps of someone entering. She expected to hear the squeak of another stall door or at least the water as someone might wash their hands, but instead she was given a few seconds of silence until the same footsteps and the same door squeak as the same someone left. As Jane emerged from her stall she froze before the door closed behind her. On the mirror, written with what appeared to be lipstick, was “See you Friday Punkchick.”
dive-alish
Now again, because this color combo is a darker one, i like to leave some areas white so when i go over the whole thing to blend, it doesnt get too dark on me. Also, when i add a a dark color as my main color, i do like to start with the edges/shadows first so that i can still see my stamp lines. Not always, but it is my norm with this particular color family. In this case, I've started with my shade color of E27 because there just isnt enough space in the image to get too wild with a bunch of different colors.
14) John Ashcroft, my homeboy; singer of patriotic harmony and coverer of statue boobs
I also realised as I flicked through the papers that the London Marathon is taking place next weekend. Exactly where the last year has gone I have no idea. I'm glad I'm not running this year, there is no way I could have fitted in the training with the way my work schedule has been but seeing it advertised does make me slightly envious. Wow, the sunshine must have really gone to my head this weekend!
12) Benchmarking against partners, suppliers and customers within your supply chain
While the whap-whap of hand-pulled wheat noodles dominates this soup shack, the place also fashions fat little purses of pork and scallions that dribble meaty juices with each bite ($3 for 12). 5410 Eighth Ave at 54th St, Sunset Park, Brooklyn (718-633-5633).
(O superb! O Manhattan, my own, my peerless!
Our new kitchen is very, very, typical Swedish for nowadays. White! Black! Stainless steel! An accent wall with wallpaper! IKEA cabinetry! I’ve seen versions of this kitchen in several other people’s houses. I guess we are not very creative people.
Renewing in her rebirth, forever a refuge,
Then we'll say: ol'Pope is dead
Download and Watch Later
subtle, endless needles
from their appointments with the slam
If the above examples remain unacceptable examples, let us look at a contemporary example from sport, in which the Black Africans’ capability is unquestioned. Castor Semenya won the 800 m at the world championship in Berlin in 2009. An earlier commentary aimed at putting the subsequent furore into objective context.
Arkansas had the final neither here nor there victory over Oklahoma was ecstatic, leapfrogging over Texas to claim the volunteer tulsa oklahoma over Purdue 49-0, 1st-ranked Oregon over UCLA 60-13, 4th-ranked TCU over Air Force 38-7, 9th-ranked Utah over Colorado State 59-6, 15th-ranked Arizona over Washington 44-14, 7th-ranked Alabama over Tennessee 41-10, 23rd-ranked Virginia Tech over Duke 44-7, and 25th-ranked Miami-FL over North Carolina 33-10.
Surah 4: An-Nisa’: 2,
Overpopulation
Space: 1999--Rocket Scientists
We had converged upon a cultural flashpoint. In regard to historical accuracy, I know I made the right call in having my characters unquestionably accept slavery as the way the gods fated some people to live.
Because I'm a schmoopy sentimental, I gave each of my ten friends at dinner a personal little toast -- they all mean so much to me. (So much that I spilled wine on myself in my effort to show them that!)
40. Caffeine significantly increases intra-ocular pressure in the eyes, contributing to glaucoma and macular degeneration.
1 lb okra
Subsequently, my interest in Stirling rekindled, I very much enjoyed a ramble through Iqbal Aalam's Flickr images and notes on Stirling's work which renewed my resolve to see more of his buildings and particularly the (obvious but essential) Leicester Engineering Faculty.
Well known radio and television broadcaster Chris Evans has become embroiled in a " so called" race row after seemingly innocent remarks made on the One Show last Friday.
If anyone has been in these countries during June-July, please send me some feedback! Places to see, food to eat, weather, what to wear!
But while Balun and Lucas were GZ's most famous contributors, the GZ masthead included plenty of other luminaries, like Psychotronic author Michael Weldon, Broken Minds/Broken Mirrors author Maitland McDonagh, and Swamp Thing artist and Taboo publisher Stephen Bissette. Given the amount of talent that was represented in GZ's pages, editor Chris Alexander has done a heroic job of compiling a proper Best Of. Like any fan would, though, I have my own personal nitpicks concerning pieces that I believe ought to have made the cut but didn't - such as Bissette's preview of Alejandro Jodorwky's Santa Sangre (1989) or McDonagh's review of Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer (both examples of the way that GZ shined a light on fringe films well before any other publication).
ISBN: 978-978-50920-9-7
What is so awesome about Grammarly is that it does more than point out the errors: it tells you how to correct them with detailed error descriptions and correction advice, and citation suggestions, and even provides vocabulary enhancement tools.
Reading John Ray's September 4, 2007 critique of the Pyszczynski et al. claim that fear of death is behind conservatism, I couldn't help but analyze data from the NORC General Social Survey, one of the most respected databases of U.S. public opinion in existence, to further explore the matter. In fact, the GSS data completely support Dr. Ray's conclusion that there are no meaningful differences whatsoever in how liberals and conservatives view death. Again, the received "wisdom" concerning the psychology of conservatism espoused by Pyszczynski and academic social science in general, is shown to be speculative and fails to survive even moderate scrutiny.
Attainability: SHACKED UP WITH A MODEL
In many ways, I see writing voice to be very similar to artistic style. If you hang around art sites like deviantART long enough, no doubt you will run into half a dozen artists in a day claiming the critique is wrong because oversized hands or noses or whatever are part of their “style”, when in reality, they just don’t want to admit they need to practice more. Hell, I’ve used the same excuse to explain why I didn’t need to take a human anatomy class to fix my anime-inspired art back in high school! It’s often a sign of insecurity and inexperience, or it’s a sign of stagnation and comfort, first of which ought to probably get fixed fast, the second of which is okay, but in moderation.
All of that said...
9) Position yourself right.
“Oh, no… this is Earth… isn’t it?”
- Takeshi & Nana M.
I hand cut flowers from the Cherry Cordial, Sour Cherry and Lollipop papers. I made this cute little banner by folding the flowers in half and stringing twine in between the folds. The boarder around the layout was made using my Silhouette machine and stitched on. I did a lot of machine stitching in this layout because my it reminds me of how my mother spent many long hours making clothes for my sisters and I.
Just because words do not come in as fast, people must not forget about the receptive-expressive gap. Our kids know way more than you think and do not short change them because of that lack of speech. My other piece of advice, for what it is worth, is do not put off working on articulation. The minute you have any sounds at all start working on them. Show them the correct way to form those sounds. Ask your ST how sounds are formed and where that tongue is supposed to be. I have heard before "oh, that is a six year old sound so do not worry about it now." Well, I do not worry about it but I do not let Kristen make it wrong either if she is capable of working with me to correct. Even if it is hard for her to correct at first, I keep showing her again and again. She eventually gets it. You know your child. If they get frustrated, then stop. But, if they do not and let you help them correct, keep doing it. Repetition, remember, is key. Persistence. Patience.
Isn't tinking kind of like life with kids?
Because while we KNOW that what he said was probably completely true, THAT IS NOT THE POINT. The point is that I must keep up the pretence of doing the ironing every day. Never must it be said that the ironing gets done ONLY because if it wasn't, no-one would have anything to wear. (Husband only steps in when pile reaches catastrophic heights.)
Bloggin... My computer is on its' last leggies ~ email is fine, but while blog posting it freezes, crashes, it's just a PITA s.t.r.u.g.g.l.e. The French have a saying which I adore, sounds so romantic when they speak it, very universal and translates to " we're in the sh*ts ". Their slang sooooo accurately describes our computer these days:) I'll still be around, following along on my Google Reader, stitching and saving for a new computer... and posting less often cause it's just not awesome anymore.
As he began to draw, he shared with me that initially he was scared he wouldn't be able to draw like normal. He stated, "I didn't think I could do it anymore, but I think I'm better now than I used to be!" Chills ran through my body as the realization set in that God is the only one who could make this happen.
Remove the slicing blade and put on the plastic blade. Break the eggs into the food processor bowl, add the salt and pepper and pulse to mix and beat the eggs. Add the parsley and raw onion to the food processor bowl and pulse to combine. Put back in the big bowl.
As tempting as it will be to go for a long run during the hurricane (well, tempting for some of you - yes, you know who you are), take a second to consider the tree limbs that will be hurtling in your likely direction.
I am not sure if it was planted before or after laying dormant under a bush for months.
This plant belongs to the family of buckwheat. Its leaves are used to produce the blue Indigo dye.
Mayall: (In a dramatic saving of face) No! We’re enormously popular there. Almost too popular. We’re surrounded by autograph hunters who normally work as film producers.
There are still many Christmas traditions carried on today that were happening (and even established) during the Regency period – including mistletoe. I knew Damien and Celia had to kiss under the mistletoe – that’s how they came to me in the first place!
Siskind’s most recent album “Novel” was released in 2011 and features her powerful voice while utilizing traditional instruments, including her beloved Gibson, as well as salt canisters, dry rice, and oatmeal boxes as a percussion section. She made a snare out of a storage box with sheets of paper taped to the top. Swept away by the muse, Sarah would continue to record the rest of the songs this way, finishing it with just one microphone, several guitars (including her beloved Gibson, Larry), and “found sounds” from her home back in Nashville. Sarah engineered, tracked and produced “Novel” with no boundaries, no one else in the room, on her own.
Watch this video see how Hope2Africa is being used to bring hope and eternal changes in otherwise hopeless situations.
I laughed.. Amazed… Awed at what happened. I was laughing to God and told Him, “Lord, pinapatawa mo ba ako??” words can’t expressed the joy I felt inside. And at that moment I realized that our God can really never be outdone!
MP Cost is the same (45 at max level).
A posting by PM Lee this morning comparing Germany to Singapore brought a torrent of criticisms from Singaporeans who pointed out that the comparison is inappropriate.
Then I sent him to bed…..
I think most people who have this attitude think they're being optimists. I personally am a huge optimist, at least on good days, and I think positive thinking is incredibly powerful. But optimism does not grant superpowers. Life is good, but sometimes it isn't. People die, jobs are lost, natural disasters come, marriages end, haters beat you down with their -isms and phobias. A positive attitude, a joyful outlook on life, and a network of true friends are all things that will help to catch you when you fall, and that is an incredibly important thing to have. What they can't do, though, is allow you to bend the laws of gravity. Sometimes life pushes us down, and we fall.
Let's start with value: it's simply the best offer around. But in that offer comes two possible inverters, made by two different companies (one Asian and one Australian). I've done my research and the Asian made inverter has a reputation for breaking down. The Australian inverter does not. I discovered later (after more research) the man I was talking to was only a sales person, not the accredited solar installer that would have to design the placing of the panels on our roof, and what pieces of equipment were required. He informed me, they may need extra things that didn't end up being quoted in the price.
Recommended for: Ages 14 and up, cross-over adult book (should be YA)
Or was it?
4.) Football / Basketball Player -These guys usually come in packs of 3-4, always decked out in their team issued sweatpants and sweatshirts (I think they call that a sweat suit). Included is their jersey # so you know who they are because they certainly expect that you know. You can always find them propped up on the wall or in a corner just staring people down, not really having much fun as they wait for everyone else to be amazed they graced our presence…. but nobody ever cares
I wonder if John tried the Geo Touch stress pad, and I wonder if Mikie took the homeopathic calming remedy, or if Kay did- Mikie’s 30 day program is over and he is going to out patient tomorrow, which to me is too soon, but this is apparently how it has to be. I, myself, am still relentlessly working on my frozen shoulders and sore feet, which never seem to budge no matter what I do. Typically, I can look at others and summarize the problem and the solution, but when it comes to me, I can only deal well with the acute- my ongoing conditions remain, and at best, I’m not getting any worse.
Accusation: "For too long the blacks had been de-humanised & were starting to rise up for equal rights."
Left of six hundred.
Her Visions Lead Her To Danger
We need to close the circle to understand the role of the high-powered individuals in charge of this policy.
We can see to the Atlantic Ocean.
"Although Chinese laws do exist to protect intellectual property (IP), the question is whether anyone is prepared to enforce them. IP protection will need to be adequately addressed before Western software developers are prepared to dive aggressively into the Chinese market."
Well, technically four words and 1 slang....I used the needles the pattern suggested, honest...and I knit very loosely...so I can only guess that the yarn was too fine for the pattern specs...still...fun! I shall have to try again, and it only took mere minutes to make.
After a hard day’s box-ticking, form-filling, target-achieving and ethnic out-reaching, officers are advised to ‘Ensure your mattresses and pillows are comfortable and supportive…try to restrict fluids to prevent visits to the bathroom, although it has to be acknowledged that some people like to have a milky drink prior to bedtime to help soothe them.’
But he owns this fucking shitting home."
This is where we read the student expectations before beginning calendar. It's hard to see, but she is actually holding up the expectations here. We recite it with the kiddos - and yes the kids LIKE reciting them!
PRAY RIDICULOUSLY HARD. I'm more committed than ever to praying for and with my kids. I know raising my teens into functioning adults is no walk in the park. I'm giving up before I get started and gonna cry out for Divine help and guidance constantly.
running the government than
The recent proclamation that “XMRV is not the cause of CFS,” came from an individual who did laboratory experiments to show how PCR experiments can become contaminated.
There will still be one more After in this foyer's transformation, when we replace the glass with a solid frosted panel. Not sure when we'll go ahead and pull the trigger on that, but it's in the works.
In ancient societies, surrounding the early Jews, it was believed that by granting sexual favours to the high priest (a fertility rite), one would be guaranteed an abundance of children and crops.
Ricki Lake
Hello! Welcome to Day 2 (of 3) of JustRite Stampers September release! We are introducing 3 cling sets that were previewed at Summer CHA in July. All sets work well together, so you may see some of the designers using images/sentiments from multiple sets. Today we are introducing CL-02190 Greetings from Paris.
With his finger tips.
Apparently air filters are a great place to keep nuts, who knew!?
*Justsowriter here. Now for something a little lighter than my last two posts. This is for all you writers out there who have ever had to force a watermelon-sized idea through a lemon-sized creative outlet. WARNING: THIS POEM HAS SOME NAUGHTY WORDS. Enjoy!*
I pimp the Wiley X or Oakley sunglasses pretty much every waking minute of daylight that I'm not indoors (and I've pretty much gone to Wiley X only within the last year). It doesn't matter if it's sunny, overcast and raining, snowing, or anything else. The only time I don't wear them is in the dark, and even then I've got them on my head, with the clear lenses close by. I'm only getting one set of eyes in this life, and I've come close to losing one or both of them on several occasions. I will not risk them because I'm too cheap to buy, or too lazy to wear, quality eye protection.
"The air force in the South Military District is reported to have been rearmed almost 100 percent with new jets and helicopters," according to regional expert Pavel Felgenhauer of the Washington-based Jamestown Foundation.
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. (I skipped to the next step while the pan was heating, placed chicken on the grill and came back to cook vegetables). Drizzle about 1 tablespoon Extra Virgin Olive Oil in pan. Add veggies, a pinch of salt and pepper (to taste) and stir occasionally until onions become translucent. This will take about 5-10 minutes (depending on how cooked you like your veggies). Be careful that you do not over cook or under cook the vegetables.
You wouldn’t want to be in Nocent; the people are so poor.
Excerpt;
Shimelle is now doing a class all about this approach to organise your layouts and adding your story back into your albums. I am so happy I signed up to it. Already. Day 1 in!!
80ml water (1/3 cup)
"The heart of the musical is the projection of musical ability, which takes the performers into the second order of time, lyric time, and lets them extend their characters musically....The larger characters are capable of living in two worlds as though they were real and normal...They aren't, but we are glad to think they are" p.67
“Theology is unimportant. It’s more important that we focus on people’s hearts. That’s the real work of the gospel.”
Rocky (aka “Little Buddy”) is a fighter. Though he’s confined to life in his own 2-bedroom basement apartment, his needs as an attention whore get satisfied daily and he enjoys being spoiled. He even likes – and demands by standing next to the sink and getting really vocal – a nightly bath so he can maintain his status as the world’s softest cat.
"You know, I'm thinking you might be!"
Then my husband came home from work and discovered that there was even less water in the pool than he had started with. He found the rip in the liner, which went from a small hole to a HUGE hole and flooded our backyard, along with our neighbors :( The verdict - no pool this year. We'll have to replace a bunch of sand that was washed away, along with the liner, water, hoses, etc. I guess Owen and I will have to get used to going to the Blissfield Community Pool.
1 profoundly
It’s not been often over the last few years that Usain Bolt has been upstaged on the track, and after setting an SB and WL 9.76 100 it appeared that Brussels would be no different. Except that approximately six minutes later the men’s 200 went off – and 19.26 seconds later the sprint world was once again turned on its ear!
In 1st category, there are persons of political power, money powe, and muscles power,who are managing every thing. All these persons are inter linked and getting done things of their choice..They are at the crooks of corruption.
Wednesday was Lourve day, so Cam and I got up extra early to catch the Metro to be there before the crowds when the museum opened. I love love love art history, and have been looking forward to coming to the Louvre forever, so I was really excited. Luckily Cam is really on top of things and ordered us Paris Museum Passes before we left the States. These passes allow you get into almost all the museums in Paris, and they allow you to skip the ticket line, which we had heard was key for the Lourve. We got there @ 8:30am and took some pictures in the courtyard, and watch the ticket lines build in anticipation for the museum's 9am opening. We went to the entrance for people with museum passes, and were one of the first people in line, however, more and more people who also had museum passes began lining up behind us. The problem was that everyone who had these museum passes thought that they didn't have to wait in line, but lots of people had the pass and everyone has to go thru security, so even museum passholders have to wait. However, a lot of people weren't understanding that and were trying to cut in line, and one thing that bothers me more than anything else is when people cut in line! I was basically having a panic attack because it was so chaotic and I was getting mad that people were just cutting in line, whereas my calm husband kept going up to the line cutters and politely telling them that we all had museum passes and there was a line. It was basically just a zoo until we finally got in the museum! Once we got inside, we headed straight for the Mona Lisa, and didn't have to wait in line to see her at all, which was really neat, because wee had heard that sometimes there are huge lines to see it. It's just a small painting, but it was really cool to see such an iconic image in person.
Once I responded to his message, however, T. informed me, in an amused manner mind you, that he had previously messaged me a few months ago on a different paid dating site and that I had ignored him. Gulp. I guess that should have been a sign that I had previously found him unattractive, but I think I was also in a stage of “attempting to transcend physical appearances”. Anyway, it was a case of cross-internet-dating-site-pollination. What made him more attractive on this site or at this point in time?
As you can imagine that worked out terribly.
made to keep out germs but rather made of Pine if
And I say from the back, I don't know.
Maybe I've seen too many Agatha Christie episodes on TV, but this straw hat conjures up images of balmy climes and gentlemen in light-colored linen suits. But fortunately, I'm no gentleman. That relaxes the linen suit requirement. My Panama tops everything off!
But the human said, "Only twenty years? I'll hold on my twenty. Could you possibly give me the forty the cow gave back, the ten the monkey gave back, and the ten the dog gave back; that makes eighty, okay?"
The post-symbolists’ issue with Stanford football’s suicide letter revolves around the idea of “Jungian-epic dualistic banality”, an idea they claim was first put forth by Belgian philosopher Ivan O. Godfroid in his seminal Psychiagenia: A Gauge Theory for the Mind-Brain Problem (Neuroquantology, 2003). In its letter Stanford football claims that something similar to Jungian-epic dualistic banality is the primary cause of the poor attendance, low enthusiasm and general apathy of a Palo Alto home crowd, though the letter calls the phenomenon “because we sucked for so long”-ism. Post-symbolists interpret the lack of an acknowledgement of Godfroid as borderline plagiarism.
If you are thinking adoption might be the calling for your family, this book is for you. If you have struggled with the pain of infertility, this book is for you. If you have had just a fleeting thought of adopting and no issues with infertility, this book is for you.
I think the term ‘black’ is almost more offensive than ‘nigger’ because it is a ridiculous word.
from a broken heart
Here are 3 acting quotes which make just as much sense to me in writing:
Most towns have one…A legendary local business… that consistently attracts people from miles around…
Real progress cannot be bought with a click, nor can it be accomplished in a week. It is wrought from countless hours of donated time and dedication. It is built on a deep passion for a cause that must be sustained over time not only with initial excitement, but with continual action. The real work of change happens the day after we become aware of issues. Knowledge about a cause should change how we live out the following weeks and years.
two parts. That you cannot survive as a whole.
Now compatible with Ice Cream Sandwich (Android 4.0).
Darkness sits there, pleased.
“That’s great, hon! I don’t want you to end up like your grandmother. Don’t get me wrong, I love her, but there was always something a little weird about her, if you ask me. I’m so happy you finally figured out how to control it. How do you do it?”
Yarn Over hook and draw through 2 loops,
And, so I wonder how many other things are working the way they are supposed to in my life, yet I'm fighting them. And, I wonder if I can wrap my head around the idea enough to live more and stress less.
There’s deployment, turn-based actions that you would expect of a SRPG. Attacks are executed 1 on 1 style where if you attack an enemy it would be just like a battle between the 2, with the attacker having the preemptive. However, after choosing either a normal attack or a skill you have no control over the ensuing mini-battle. The battle will be one-sided, ie the player is the only one attacking with the opponent doing nothing but taking the hits, if the opponent is unable to fight back. For example melee to range and vice versa etc etc.
“Hi baby time to get up and catch a plane” I smiled and woke up slowly, knowing that soon I would be in the arms of someone I loved so much. I said goodnight to Clayton, and got ready for the long journey ahead of me. My sister Sarah was picking me up along with my mother. I’d never flown before, and this was such a major step for me to take. Flying half way across the world, on my own to meet someone I’d never met before. And what made it worse was that I had to change flights in Copenhagen, I was taking a big risk.
Ian Barritt – Professor Peach
Mark’s brief description of Stuart Leigh – The Stewart Lee Tribute Act is:
Chop into 1 inch pieces:
Handling the myriad problems associated with alien crimes is often beyond the capabilities of local police departments.
UDRCN Blog (udrcnblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
When I asked God, He said there will be a new set and it will not be for ten years. He said “because those people were in covenant with you for ten years, I had no choice but to keep them alive for ten years”. He said “You tied my hands”.
His men lifted their voices, the music filled the air, and their celebrations began anew. He watched with a smile on his lips and then retired to his wagon for a bit of rest after the night’s activities. He tossed the cup into a corner and flopped onto the bed of straw.
Originally I had intended to be back amidst a lot of fanfare and fireworks and yet I sit in front of my laptop with slouched shoulders and the weight of the world pressing on them. I am a man of my word, March end I said and here I am.
We finished up with learning about Ancient Egypt this week, going through King Tut and the Exodus. (Bluebird insisted on reading some of the books by herself.) In addition to reading Tutankhamen's Gift, we also read bits and pieces from Pharaohs of Ancient Egypt and Tales from Ancient Egypt. Bluebird especially liked the story about the Golden Lotus falling to the bottom of the lake. We read a few more chapters from His Majesty, Queen Hatshepsut, but then I decided that she was a little too young for that particular rendition. We also read The Moses Basket, Exodus from Egypt and Moses: The Long Road to Freedom. (I especially liked Moses: The Long Road to Freedom.) I didn't make her do any narration because her throat was really hurting her; but I did make her do some mapwork because it's not too terribly hard to circle things and color in the Red Sea.
*It should be noted that “The Departed” contains very strong language, the usage of drugs, sexual themes and brutal violence. This movie is not suitable for children. *
“All of the characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.”
“They’ve tied themselves up in knots because they’ve bought into this notion that it would sound wrong to admit that they haven’t been able to do everything that they really should have done. It’s incredible — they can’t quite make up their minds on whether the theme is that Republicans are standing in the way of doing what has to be done, or things are really good and America’s back on track. The problem is that you can’t perceive both of those lines at the same time.
1. roller blade a ridiculous distance (well…… learn to roller blade properly!)
“Riley! Are you ok?”
The usefulness of the experiential descriptor "Proustian" rests on the reader knowing that it refers to Marcel Proust's retelling of an experience of smelling and eating tea-soaked madeleine cakes, and the memories that this evoked. It tends to be viewed as a bit pretentious, largely, I think, because it sounds (and indeed is) French, something that the entire non-French world dislikes intensely.
And the moon that peaks in during the day,
I'm worried I'll never be able to enjoy one of my guilty pleasures (redbull) again!
1. I am a vegetarian who buys mostly organic products.
Here's the best part: You All! Thank you all for visiting me and encouraging me in all my endeavors! As I have mentioned before, I'm so thankful to have found this community of wonderful people who want to exchange ideas, art and encouragement. I love seeing what you do--the art, the beautiful pictures, the flea market finds, the furniture refinishing, the decorating and projects you are working on, and best of all, your wonderful spirits. I am inspired and empowered every day! Thank you so much!
I did some burp cloths:
This weekend I got a half a flat of local organically grown strawberries and popped them in the fridge to use on baking day. My back was killing me so I got no baking done but I did put up 14 half pints of yummy jam. You don't taste the vinegar but to me it deepens the flavor of the strawberries and is amazing on whatever you want to put it on.
In Jimmy's tirade near the end the nostalgia, resentment and aimlessness are expressed:
(Amu, the heroine with Ran (red, sporty chara), Miki (blue artistic chara) & Su (Green, cooking & all things cute chara)
Bard SP
And when I was there, in the presence of my brothers and sisters in the Lord, a light bulb came on, “where have I been for so long, not to seek out this support group myself?”
1 attempt
Well, we're here again. He's not talking to me and we're in the stage of what I'm calling my own personal "purgatory". Limbo.
Now, it ocurred to me to try something sweet and useful at the time; it's been a while since I wanted to color up these sweet teenage (!) fairies from Mo Manning and here they are eventually. I just adore them- aren't they sooo beautiful!!! They are called Mia and Pia and can be found here and here in the store:). I wasn't sure which one I loved more so I used them both:)
This is the first of Kelly Long's books that I have read and I was not disappointed. I plan to search for all of her books and continue to read them as she makes them. With the current trend in Christian fiction being Amish novels, this one is surprisingly refreshing. It was a different plot than most and held a real clear message about marriage and relationships.
Original art collaged on a vinyl 33rpm Album . Archival paper, coldpress watercolor paper, colored pencils, markers, ink, and watercolors. 12" x 12" Round.
Sociologists argue that the phenomenon behind women who fight political fights that limit their choices and status as women – on issues like equal pay and equal health care rights- is because of the cultural quality and insidiousness of misogyny. Anti-feminists work against themselves because society expects something of them and the women who end up working against women’s rights, even at their own detriment, do it because they’ve fallen or this idea that little empowerment should be expected from women.
Some teens only heard that brilliant guitar and Krist Novoselic's bass and Dave Grohl's drums, and didn't figure out what Cobain was screaming out to the world until they got older. I could dance to it. We could all dance to it. Most rock music didn't allow that. I myself was a hip-hop girl, and called a "wigger" for it because white girls in rich, preppy schools weren't supposed to love that music as much as I did. I wasn't rich or preppy, and had to defend myself a lot. I could have hidden it. After all, I hid the fact that I also loved country music, if it had enough twang and wasn't too poppy. But I hated hiding as much as I did. Cobain hid in plain sight.
Favorite Activities: I like to participate in neighborhood organization meetings.
Right I better find out where my husband is....he broke down on the way home from work and last I heard the AA had just arrived!!
graciously flew out of the nest---and then SPUNKY (my
And it was.
I'm so happy the cold is coming back.
That was my FABPOW OpenIt PunkCake for the night. I'd love to hear what other people will be indulging in on this magnificent night of nights: Shrove Tuesday.
I have always tried to keep the tone of this blog upbeat, so forgive me for deviating from the normal atmosphere. There is, there must be, a silver lining in this cloud. I must simply go out and find it.
So we came home and thought well at least we still have our free cruise to the Bahamas and trip to Hawaii just for listening to the presentation!! As I got researching this company that gives away these "free" trips, I literally cannot find one person on the internet who actually got their free trip. These "free" trips are hardly free. For the cruise, you have to pay a $199 processing fee per person, plus a $123 per person government departure tax and port fee, plus a $15 per night deposit. For Hawaii, you have to pay a $199 processing fee per person, plus a $60 per person government imposed tax deposit. After talking about it, paying all of these fees is still cheaper than booking the trip ourselves, so we decided we'd book the trips. I started reading on the internet about this company, mostly to see what other "fees" there would be. Everyone says they filled out the form (which we have), sent off their deposit along with their preferred dates of travel and then waited. They waited and waited and then finally called when it was a few days before they were supposed to leave and were told everything was booked. People say they rescheduled multiple times but each time their scheduled dates were booked. After rebooking several times, the free offered expired and ended up not going on the vacation and not getting their deposit back.
As a 21st century bride I’m sure you’ve been using the Internet to help you plan your wedding. In addition to researching companies online, you have probably joined a wedding community to talk to other brides, click through online galleries and blogs for ideas and may have even started your own wedding Web site (a Wed site) or blog to share your plans with your bridal party and guests. But have you thought about twittering your plans?
iv) ‘Give alms only to the deserving Sunni Muslim poor.’
What in the world will a cinnamon roll do? I'm scared to try it!
In Maggie Q’s IMDB’s page, the four most prominent projects she is known for are action-oriented Live Free or Die Hard, Mission: Impossible III, Nikita, and Priest.
In Three Generations, There Won’t Be Any Democrats.
convinced and speechless
My friend Chantal's son Zavier is a very talented young artist and at the age of eight, loves to paint and draw. Chantal asked me to make a cake inspired by one of his creations.
broke out and he was being sent
.....picking up from where we left off last time, chef Eric Sapet's first course on the autumn game menu at La Mirande's cooking class was compote de lievre a la royale, pain grille, et salade d'automne, or, coarsely pureed wild hare on toast with an autumn salad.
a. Hawkman
7 iron
Currently, every stream in the United States is contaminated with carcinogens. 99% of native prairies have been destroyed. 99% of old growth forests are gone. 90% of the large fish in the oceans are gone. It’s estimated that unless there is a dramatic shift in course, global warming will become irreversible in around 5 years, eventually rendering all life on this planet doomed.
Milk to thin out the glaze
that Lady Spring cares for me—
"The Wildhawk is no danger." Pevan fought back the urge to scream at Notia. Kos hovered at the edge of vision, poised on the cusp of running. Defying a direct order because of the would-be Four Knot's meddling. "The Wilder that can make an eight-mile Gateway into the Warding Hall itself, that's a danger, and that's what was helping Van Raighan. Never mind that he's at large again, and his trail is going cold." She turned to Kos. "What are you waiting for? Move!"
In extreme cases, untreated, exceptionally high blood sugar can cause still births.
Another evening tending bar at the safari guesthouse, and I witness our guests discussing the thorny topic of how lesbians should procreate. The women favour the use of sperm banks and mechanical squirting devices, but the men reject this method as unreliable and mean-spirited. The broody lesbian, they argue, should interview potential fathers face-to-face and allow the successful candidate to impregnate her, not necessarily face-to-face.
Step Up for Israel Egghead: ‘Israeli strike won’t stop Iranian bomb BWAHAHAHAHA!’ Overnight music video Disgusting: Turkish cosmetics company uses Hitler in commercial Terrorists Released in Shalit Deal Realize That Mahmoud Abbas Is A Liar Beinart ostracized? Rocket fired from Gaza hits Israel on Wednesday evening. Please share. Dorit Beinish: The gift that keeps on giving to the Left France’s anti-Jewish soul created Mohamed Merah
The issue came to light when dog owners across Andalucia, Murcia and Alicante found their pets drinking more than usual and were later diagnosed with kidney problems.
xxxxxxxxxxxxx
"Templates for home schooling? So now I'm supposed to feel bad that I'm sending my kid to regular school and not spending all day with her teaching her at home?"
but is this where the dancing is done?
Color: Color
I also sound like a beer guzzling sport fanatic when I read Speaker 7. I read something of hers and I find myself going, “COME ON! COME ON! YES, YES, YES!” If someone walked by my house at that moment they’d say that dude with the high voice must be watching the football game. Nope, this lady in her knickers is reading Speaker 7.
The Opposition was relatively weakened by this move then, leaving only DAP and PAS as strong contenders in the elections that followed after 1969. UMNO in general have never tasted major defeat in the nation’s national elections at the federal level. They had in the process though tasted defeat in Kelantan and Terengganu.
*Toss jewelry you no longer use and make space for new pieces.
Loving each other
Capitalism lifts people out of poverty. When socialistic ideas are incorporated, that’s when things take a turn for the worst. The closest history has came to capitalism is a period in the 19th century. Even then, government intervention stole that away with large subsidies and political favors. But why did these things happen? Why the need for reform? Not because of capitalism. It is because the government had to take care of the intervention it had forced on the markets in the later part of the 19th century i.e. with the majority of industrial endeavors it subsidized (Standard Oil, American Steel, Big Tobacco, etc.)
discipline at the next level; he tends to take himself out of a number of plays despite. A natural in zone coverage, Terrell gains great
I am shamed to share this, but it is consuming my every thought.
The coincidences in an unexpected life.
Was my dream a warning of what was to come? Was she trying to let us know that we wouldn't get to hold her forever.....
And secrets.
Cast : Zareen Ali, Adnan Sajid Khan
What’s surprising about the latest release? Prices were flat nationally for the month of March 2012 and this is only the third time in the last 53 months when prices have remained flat; there have been declines in all other months since the peak in 2007. Apartment prices inDublin were actually up by 2.3% in the month following the 6.3% decline in February 2012. Non-Dublin prices are down 0.6%, perhaps the long-awaited equalizing of declines betweenDublin and elsewhere is beginning.
Here lies the dilemma that beset Pakatan.
The thing is if I had seen my pictures of my wedding I would have honestly thought.
mwah and hugz xoxo
KATE WINSLET / Mildred Pierce – “MILDRED PIERCE” (HBO)
Explaining his interpretation of objects, Wilson has said, “Objects have histories of their making, of their purpose, and their use. This is what I mean by ‘memory.’ Objects have multiple layers of meaning over time and as the object moves from place to place” (Wilson and Graham 213). Frampton and Deleuze describe film as being particularly interesting in that it’s a physical record of perception (by light) and time. I think Wilson’s interpretation of objects is similar in this regard. Objects’ “memories” are formed over time in their physical use and interpretation. By juxtaposing objects in new and surprising ways, Wilson seeks to expose forgotten meanings while actively creating new ones. We discussed Frampton’s emphasis on solely the audience/film experience devoid of filmmaker context as being detrimental to his argument. What I find interesting about Wilson’s work is that the scenarios he manufactures operate at a nexus between artist, object, and viewer. Each piece benefits from a greater understanding of Wilson’s practice but relies on the embedded memories of both the object and a varied audience.
Dear Sirs and Madams at Picnik,
I have a love/hate relationship with holiday shopping. On the one hand, holiday shopping is a pain: the crowds, the traffic (that one's new to moving to LA!), the same five Christmas songs in every store, etc. On the other, I really like buying gifts for other people, and I still much prefer going to the store to do it. I don't often have specific things in mind for specific people, but instead I really love to browse and see what's on offer.
This is another topic suggested by some of you when I asked for new blog ideas. What is that old saying? Be careful what you ask for, you just might get it. Any way, I got it and will try to enlighten. Can anyone sense a chance for controversy or maybe dry humor? The complete suggestion was about demon possession and oppression. Because those words are long and difficult for me to type, I will blog about what I think you need to know about demons.
Several minutes later, Sucker Animal Person (SAP), snoring in bed, hears a shout. "The cats got outside!"
Sprinkles
Once again, the complete 5 part tutorial is FREE if you've bought two or more tutorials from me in the last year valued at $5.95 each or higher. All you have to do is email me by Dec 16th, and I will send it to you *see note at end of post* (After this date, the tutorial will be available for purchase only)
I just popped in for a sec. I hope to have some pictures up soon of what I have been up to.
After a couple of days though, I packed up my backpack and started my move down the Pacific Coast. I came across a small town called Playa Flamingo, the sand was brown and the beach not all that exciting given there were fishing boats about. What was wonderful though, was that you could walk in either direction north or south and find more beaches. Playa Conchal was likely one of the most beautiful I found in Costa Rica, and definitely the most unique. Rather than sand, it was made up of crushed sea shells that had been made so incredibly smooth by the passing tide, you wouldn’t believe it. Every shell reflecting the sun like no sand ever could. Excuse my poor quality pictures, this was three cameras back for me, and I wish I had invested in something better before going.
Even though I have boys, much of what Kessler wrote about her middle schooler daughter applies to my son of the same age. The book's premise is shocking at first- Kessler shadows her daughter (with permission, but still...) at school, online, in the wrestling ring and on the athletic field. It sounds horrifying! Like she's one of those overparenting, helicopter "smothers" who lack boundaries and is completely controlling. Only Kessler pulls it off for the most part.
Local youngsters as young as ten regularly sprint past us as they tug their passenger-laden horses up the hill.
I had to buy it. Discovering that the two-slice package cost just one pound, I had to buy two. I told the butcher that my husband has been threatening for years to make haggis. The butcher laughed, “That’s quite a threat.” He sold me the haggis, assuring me that it would be fine for the flight home. And it was. I…..um…..did not declare it when I went through customs. (It was hermetically sealed. It was fine.) Come to find out, though, that until 2010 haggis was not permitted to come into the country. It may have had something to do with mad cow disease, or perhaps U.S. Customs decided that we just have certain aesthetic standards to uphold.
‘There’s our room.’ she pointed to the window in the top left corner of the yellow sandstone facade.
You are a very hard worker.
I don't know how the river got so wide
But instead it became a beautiful heartbreak.
Designer Thomas Pheasant
During the competition, NSA network specialists and military network experts formed the red cell team that challenged cadet blue cell teams to defend a closed-computer network that the cadets designed, built and configured at their respective academies. NSA personnel graded each team’s ability to maintain network services while dealing with security intrusions.
The Knicks will go up against the Boston Celtics. This is a bit of a crossroads season for the Celtics. Their window of opportunity is closing rapidly and this will most likely be their last season to compete for anything substantial. The Celtics big three is aging fast as Paul Pierce, Ray Allen, and Kevin Garnett are all in their mid thirties and there does not seem to be a crop of young Celtics waiting in the wings to take over. Their best young assets are Rajon Rondo and Jeff Green. Green is dealing with a heart condition which has ended his 2011-2012 season and the team attempted to trade Rondo in an attempt to acquire Chris Paul.
Faith is so strong now nothing shall bar my way
Sometimes, or if you’re feeling particularly immature, often, a rage face is a perfectly adequate response or indeed conversation starter. Making little and a lot of sense at the very same time, they are extremely entertaining.
Motrin’s mistake was in not using the negative attention to engage in a dialog with the angered moms. By taking them seriously and listening to their concerns, Motrin could have probably defused the uproar and possibly turned the furor into an advantage. Engaging in a dialog would have enabled Motrin to explain that they were trying to be funny, and they were sorry that hadn’t worked.
No marriage is fun - ALL the time.
Finally, why are Thornbridge doing this?
I don't remember now what else was on the programme that night, but I do remember looking down from my gilt-framed seat in the box, and wondering at the scale of it all - the number of musicians, the range of instruments, the row upon row of people listening intently as the music played and erupting into loud and enthusiastic applause when it ended. I couldn't pick out each of the instruments that leant its individual voice to the marvellous whole, but I remember sitting there as the music built and built, moving from bold, through calm, to triumphant. And I can picture, even now, the huge kettle drums that pounded out the rhythm and emotion, that matched and lifted the beating of my heart.
Love her bird and pig!
The dance/concert is chem-free and for all ages; those younger than 14 must be accompanied by a guardian. Admission will be $5 at the door.
Around the Block
She paces the isle of the streets
Then, to top it all off, just spend an entire minute with a grieving parent who has just been informed that their school-aged child… has just died surprisingly, like in a traffic collision in which the child flew out of the passenger seat right into the path of the school bus that you were driving. Oh, and, if you are really open to experiencing heart-opening gratitude for the fragility of life, be the one to tell them the news.
Here at the start of another year, I am sure we all have some goals in mind. One of mine is to deepen my prayer life. To that end, I'm going to be adding some pages to my prayer journal in the "Adoration" section -- pages dealing with spiritual blessings God gives us as His children. As I thought about this, and as I had my prayer time this morning, I was struck by the thought of what a blessing my prayer journal is to me, and how it has revitalized my prayer life over the years I've been using it and adding to it. I am quite sure that if our house caught fire, I would run for my prayer journal before grabbing anything else!
Bazzill CS, Luxe Ornate Frame Transparency, Prima Bling and Flowers, Tim Holtz, Technique Tuesday, MME Stamps, MM Brad, Memento and Distress Ink, Zing Black Glitter embossing powder, Ribbon from Prima or AC?
Ronald E. Neumann, the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan from 2005 to 2007, told Risen, "Karzai is convinced that we are going to abandon him. What's his answer? To create a web of loyalties and militia commanders and corrupt families all knitted together."
It is purportedly a cross of Blueberry and Haze, with some stories going so far as to specify a “Santa Cruz haze” while other stories specifying “DJ Shorts Blueberry” x “Mr. Nice Super Silver Haze.” It is possible of course that both stories are accurate, as it is certainly possible (likely) that there are multiple cuts of Blue Dream circulating around California. At this time Blue Dream is a clone-only strain though there are seed versions starting to appear on the market.
Nope. Probably not. Just suffering severe pain every time they eat. My doctor has officially put me on a gluten free diet until I can get in to see the GI Dr next month. The Dr wants to see if this could be the problem. Hmmm to hope it's something else so I can eat all the yummy junk and not break an arm and leg to pay for gluten free food? Sounds good to me, except it could be a worse problem, so which of two bad evils do I want? I guess all I can do is wait and see.
First, I REALLY need to get more organized! This year especially I plan to work harder to make sure everything has a place. I'm tired of being that teacher who is asking the kids "Did you see where I put....?"
Anyway, I'm about... 140 pages into editing my 5th draft of The Trials! Yay!
I texted: “There’s value in them getting a raw score, not just biased in favour of excessive revision.”
5. Let 2,3, & 4 be well cooked under moderate fire, while stirring now and then. Add a little water if ingredients gets too dry.
Because of the arcane way beer is distributed in Louisiana there are many beers that are never brought into our state for sale. One brewery’s beer that I have been itching to try is Dogfish Head out of Delaware. I have not been able to locate a six pack in Louisiana and a cursory check of their website confirmed my suspicions – their beer is not sold here.
Almost every emotion is captured and the images can be beautiful, mundane, funny, frightening, heart-rending or confronting. The best clips are those that make the viewer work to understand what’s going on. But it’s the recurring characters – the Korean who’s cycling around the world, the mother with cancer, the goatherds – who offer the real engagement and stop this looking like some sort of bank lifestyle ad. I’m sure the whole project will be a great resource for future historians, but don’t expect much insight into the state of the world from this 90-minute version. 6/10
Every day you get, at the awakening, your Gift! This gift is called ... Time ... You get exactly 86400 seconds for a day. When you go to sleep at the evening you couldn't save any seconds for the next day. Those seconds which you haven't lived in their completeness will be lost - forever.
04 Ten Commandments
Former White House intern reveals JFK affair (TVNZ)
Nontheless, I found myself in a ball of tears last night. I was lamenting my troublesome pregnancies and my debilitating TMJ. I don't think I've shared on my blog yet that I suffer from really painful TMJD which causes my jaw to lock up on me at a moments notice. It has made feeding myself and my baby the last few weeks really hard. I feel broken and useless, like nothing can be easy. Last night was my breaking point. We all have ours don't we? That's when that song came into my head.
Kuching police have given their nod for the rally, but have advised the organisers to get permission from the Kuching North City Council.
First, there is a pretty nifty scene where Frank uses a firehose to beat the living tar out of a bunch of gun-toting bad guys. It's a Jackie Chan sort of scene, although I suspect much of it is done with computer animation and clever editing rather than actual props. Unfortunately, the climax of the scene completely breaks continuity with the entire fight that proceeded.
Okay, this post is for all of you d.i.yers who have toyed with the idea of painting your kitchen/bathroom cabinets but have been too scared to.
Manless in Montclair is a witty and heartbreaking story of coping with sudden change.
In fact, advertising on Facebook is uniquely ineffective.
Dogs, these days, are all we do. We walk them and feed them and hover to grab them (her) before they (she) can pee in the house, and we stand in the back yard and watch them and hover to grab them (her) before she can wriggle underneath the fence and escape.
Piggy was an Infomaniac Bitch since this blog’s beginnings in early 2006 and we were acquainted prior to that as I was a daily visitor to his blog. Our friendship blossomed from there.
(I guess the hot water supply at the camp
Today is my 30th birthday. I’m spending it doing things that I really like to do. Seven mile foot march in the morning, eating McDonalds for lunch, seeing Act of Valor on Fort Benning, and then seeing the Russian National Ballet perform Cinderella at the RiverCenter in Columbus.
If a Stephen King novel coming out next year had a small bridge in Maine named after it – for the next twenty years – the It 2 Bridge – surely this would not be a bad way to give King's novel near-permanent cultural exposure?
Then another legend of radio broadcasting in South Africa, Tom London hosts the 10 to 12 slot and will be assisted by our King of the Mix, Freedom “Flex Darkskin” Raphela.
The trek through jungles with wild animals, the torrid deserts that have to be traversed with all their dangers, eventually they get horses, gallop up mountains and down into lovely villages filled with music and song… he would have loved to stay there, but they had to carry on, through blinding snow, fighting wolves and the biting, bitter winds.
well I think I am going to go to bed and see if I can get some sleep .. my eyes are very gritty and I have a bit of double vision happening .. haha .. so I am hoping what I have written actually makes sense ... or at the very least .. legible ...
Johnstone, who works as a vermicompost worm farmer in George, South Africa, trained as a paralegal through Damelin, but has been unable to find work in the field since graduating.
Phreak: Sigh.
As April comes to an end today, we say goodbye to my awesome design team. :(
KEVIN SHIELDS : guitars, voice
neighboring Plateau’s 14%
(Click to enlarge)
Invite him to your party. Actually, he is there anyway so you might as well make a conscious invitation. It might make a difference in how you and your other guests respond. Be conscious of his presence in all you do.
And then a mental challenge to myself to be in the top 50% for my age. More on the results later
I knew I would love it! My favorite surprise is that some of the gowns are very reasonably priced... my least favorite surprise is that some of them are not. Most run somewhere between $1000 and $2000, (not an unreasonable amount in my opinion). Then there are a couple in the $600 range, and a couple in the $5000 range.
To me, it's surprising that some of the recipes I have posted haven't received that many views. You can see all of them if you click "daily dish" on my sidebar, but the Tagine that I made didn't get much love (although very much loved by my belly). Now that we're in winter, I'm definitely going to be making this more often - it's excellent comfort food and super simple given that you can leave it in the crockpot all day, with the added benefit that it makes the house smell delicious.
PEOPLE: Directed by the same guy who directed the…California Raisins animated series (1989)? And some episodes of Garfield & Friends (1994), The Incredible Hulk:TAS (1997)? Let’s face it. This project has VERY FEW people involved in anything significant. Even the main voice actors aren’t well known.
Even so, John Lennon could not have imagined how his legacy continues to carry the left forward. Recently, the Fox News Network aired a discussion between Bill O’reilly and Jeraldo Rivera about illegal immigration. O’reilly asked Rivera, “Shouldn’t we deport criminal illegal aliens?” Rivera responded, “John Lennon was a criminal illegal alien.”
"Hi. Is this were I can get a shuttle ticket to the St. Louis hotel?"
Bookshop listing with UK Bookland
First it was crated up and brought to Paris where it was to be offered to Baron James Rothschild. However he sold it on and The National Gallery acquired it in 1855 for the princely sum of £1,977 (now £135,000 using RPI to £1,180,000.00 using average earnings) plus £2 2s. 2d. for carriage from Paris
This year was more of a books and writing weekend, and it was delightful fun to share that with her. She just finished The Hunger Games (as have I recently), so we went to that together last night. I loved it, and so did she. I confess I screamed like a little girl and jumped approximately 18 feet when the big scary dog jumped out. McKenzie did not. She was calm, cool, and collected, patting my arm and saying "It's okay, Mom... it's just a movie." Yep. I'm so brave.
I've been meaning to tell you about a new friend I have.
I feel very calm, relaxed, and mellow
3 contained
Ned Stark is definitely a typical good man caught in a political situation gone bad as he finds himself becoming Robert Baratheon’s unwitting Hand of the King and ultimately it is not a role that ends well for him or the rest of his family by the time we get to the second half of the season and Robert’s tyrannical son Joffrey succeeds his father to the throne.
I’ve been trying to remember books we read and discussed at Book Club. The only one I can remember with certainty was Suite Francaise, by Irene Nemirovsky. And I think we discussed Diplomatic Baggage by Brigid Keenan - a book about expat wifedom that made me laugh so much that I fell off my sofa.
‘Like Crazy’ is a quiet movie. What you hear is low-key dialogue, as opposed to loud explosions and cars crashing. Unfortunately, the quiet tone of the film was interrupted by the loud eating of the couple to my left. These people were eating their pop corn with remarkable vengeance. It was as if the pop corn had inflicted major pain upon them and it was revenge-time. They were attacking the paper bag like it was the last available food on earth. And do you know what happens when you attack a paper bag? It makes a loud noise. And do you know what happens when you are munching pop corn? Yes, that’s right, you are very loud and the person to your right is wishing you would choke on it.
Junkyard
Did that make sense?
spirits caught in shadow
Authorial Asides: From the notes at the end of the book, you'll be pleased to find that author Bryce Moore has actually visited Trenčín, really likes the castle, and thinks you'd like it, too. Even if you don't see a vodník down the well.
Phase 4 came from Newcastle and DIDN'T have the young Mike Batt in the group, as some sources try to tell us. They recorded two singles for the small Fab label in 66. This is the first, and it was licenced to Decca, who put out a second pressing the same year. +++
“But not I,” says Road, who is another poor boy on the block. Then he hollers, “Riot!”
07. AC/DC (Chapman, Chinn) - 4:30
I’m going at my own pace, I’m doing things for me.
I made this lil gem for the bunnicula hop with Smeared and Smudged.
I would like Susan Now to be my mentor. I have a great relationship with her and I like working with her. Since my internship will have an emphasis on writing, and Susan was an English major, I think she will be able to help me with my writing skills.
The idea that Abe Lincoln was an anti-racist meritocrat who plunged the country unwillingly into war for the rights of negroes is a gross distortion of history. This was a war about the Southern States’ desire to continue harvesting high-margin cotton…but also one where fighters took sides about whether States’ Rights were more or less important than the Union itself. For those who thought in favour of States, Lincoln’s election in 1860 was a red rag to a bull: before he’d even taken the Oath of Office, seven States had seceded. They eventually became the Confederated States – and the war began.
pediped® footwear was founded in 2004 by Angela and Brian Edgeworth in their quest for the perfect soft-soled shoe for their first daughter. Exceptional quality, unsurpassed comfort and distinctive styling have made the award winning company the fastest-growing children's footwear brand in the United States. pediped® footwear has been awarded the American Podiatric Medical Association Seal of Acceptance for the promotion of healthy foot development, and preeminent orthopedic medical professionals, Dr. Mininder S. Kocher and Dr. Thomas W. Vorderer, deem pediped® shoes an excellent choice for parents/caregivers who want their children’s feet to develop naturally and healthily. In 2011 Earnshaw’s, the premier media resource serving the children’s market recognized pediped® with Earnshaw’s Earnie Awards for Company of the Year and Best Footwear.
We need to be Sympathetic: We need to be more concerned about other people’s needs than our own. One problem with modern churches is that we tend to flatter people so much in our advertizing that they come into church thinking that the church is there to serve them. Actually, the church is there to serve them by giving them an opportunity to serve others.
I recommend always drying the flowers and flower bouquets you get.Don't throw them away! Once they are really starting to droop, just tie them together with string, and hang them upside down to dry from the ceiling or a hook or nail. Roses usually respond well to this treatment.
This you would cut from the high schooler’s reading and think they will still be swept up into the impassioned and seductive voice of Ishmael?
Oh, and when I went to hang it up last night around 10pm (you know, mere moments after I blistered my thumb knuckle with the metal barrel of my glue gun), I found this not-so-welcome friend greeting me by the front door. I promptly slammed the door and kindly requested that Jason come all the way upstairs from playing a PS3 game to get it for me.
Shortly after, I did something I hadn’t done for a long time – bought dinner at a nearby McDonald’s.
“Because, like I said before,” I reminded him, doing my damnedest to penetrate his thick skull to reach the tiny, twisted little portion of his brain where reason and logic are supposed to reside, “once I post your avatar there’s no going back. My Super Earthling blog might not have a lot of followers yet, but it’s catching on fast. Are you sure you’re going to feel the same way in a month or two when my 500,000 new followers are gawking at your Jesus in a jumpsuit avatar and wondering WTF?”
Sean’s 7th birthday – Agent P (or in this case S) from Phineas & Ferb.
8:00-8:30: Arrive on campus, do some class prep (photocopies, setting up tech equipment, cuing up film clips and web pages).
For Meyer, the final nail in the coffin for self-organization models is the structure of the DNA molecule itself. Self-organizational models require that there be multiple chemical bonds of differing strength that are capable of determining a specific arrangement of chemicals. The DNA molecule, however, lacks the chemical bonds necessary to create such bonding affinities. There is only one chemical bond (N-glycosidic bond) that bonds each nucleotide base to its binding site on the sugar-phosphate backbone, so there is no chemical property along either of the two backbones that can determine the order in which nucleotides bind to it.[3] Any of the four nucleotide types can attach themselves to any binding site on the backbone with equal ease, no one being favored over another.
In my Derby Dozen, Creative Cause is listed on top, followed by Union Rags. I may have to rethink my position. Trainer Michael Matz schooled the son of Dixie Union in the paddock at Keeneland earlier this week and I don’t know if I’ve ever seen a horse look more the picture of health. The sun reflected off his bronze coat, with dapples the size of quarters. His muscled flanks looked like washboards, like the old Tootsie Roll candies we used to eat. It was akin to how Rhythm looked before the 1990 Travers’ Stakes, when I rushed from the roof of the Saratoga press box to bet on him based upon looks alone.
#31 Doolittle by Ben Sisario
The chief went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find. Two weeks later the chief called the national weather service. "Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?" he asked.
KARACHI (APP): Diagnosis and timely treatment can markedly improve the chances of survival of the majority of children born with congenital heart disease, so that they can live active lives as adults.This was stated by Dr Babar Hasan, Consultant Paediatric Cardiologist, Aga Khan University Hospital (AKUH).
Poverty is complex. There is no simple solution to the array of problems facing the world’s poor, mainly because the causes of poverty are heterogeneous – there are many of them and they are all related. Cashpor’s female clients and their families are not only income-poor; they are also time- and resource-poor. As women, they are responsible for the domestic chores, like cooking and child care, in addition to being microfinance clients and entrepreneurs – putting a serious burden on their time. Many rural families don’t have access to grid electricity and must instead rely on kerosene or wood-burning stoves for cooking, heating and light. Such poverty often means their daughters are pulled from school at a young age to help raise younger siblings or help the household earn money, stunting their ability to earn a good, reliable living. Grameen Foundation and Cashpor are providing these poor households with access to savings and credit, which are vital steps in addressing this complex issue.
Try these out at your next party. Or just to be safe (and because you want to!) pre-test them by yourself (so you get to eat all the chips) and tell me what you think!
"Almost," I said.
Would it not be fitting if this was the year that the Colts reached for that place deep within their souls, and won one for all the good guys?
Take me, Jesus, take me now.
4. Stand Out From The Crowd – The world despises a cheap imitation and loves an original. Conformity to the norm will merely sentence you to mediocrity, obsolescence, and irrelevance. Everyone has unique gifts and talents, and the earlier you discover and develop yours the better off you’ll be. Build your personal brand, become a subject matter expert, and guard your reputation. Everyone has a personal brand – the question is will it be built by default or by design. Everything you do should enhance and reinforce your story.
Put yet another way: Though I have arrived at the point where I can't wait to leave Paris, I don't exactly want to leave Paris behind.
She and I belong to a mutual admiration society. I love Naomi’s blog ‘Writing Between the Lines’ as it’s packed full of fascinating descriptions of places she visits, people she encounters, and snippets about her family, all of which she illustrates with her awesome photography.
As some of you have realized, hubby does not like fancy cakes. Actually, he wants cakes with NUTS in them so a book of coffee cakes should have lots of options for him. This recipe, of course, had nuts but they were pistachios, a nut, I rarely have baked with. I did not have to be concerned since he loved this cake and put it up, on the top of his mental list of what he likes.
Astute readers of this blog o’ mine will have noticed something new along the extreme right hand sidebar – namely My Bad Adolescent Poetry. In 1970, at age 21, I had accrued enough cash to hand print up a few hundred copies of my poetry. The title of the collection was Prism Prisons – a god-awful yet appropriate name for the horny, angsty stuff it contained, which I’d written between the ages of 15 and 20.
Research says, when on dates, people tend to order things that are easier to pronounce. There is something to hacking up phlegm when trying to order food that may be a turnoff to some people.
I hope that when you discover a charming village, new restaurant, gorgeous hotel, unique shop, great-value wine or anything else worthwhile, you'll share the names with us. If you hear about an upcoming event that sounds like fun--an art show, concert, dance performance, truffle festival, whatever--please let me know so I can post it.
G crochet hook
"What about some other Caledonian Guest Ales?"
Right beside the skyway I and others were clambering onto the open rock to take pictures. That was way more risky than the skywalk, no obstacles to going over the cliff there, and going over the edge there you are 4000 feet up, and no slowing down until you smack bottom. If I get 25 likes to this post I will consider myself bribed to try and upload my video from edge.
The Sarah Jane Adventures
Read my other entries by clicking on these links:
So here’s to being 30. It’s been pretty good so far, frankly, and let’s hope it continues to be awesome.
At the end of a meeting, suggest that, for once, it would be nice to conclude with the singing of the national anthem. (Extra points if you actually launch into it yourself.)
Unicron.
The Angels
Under the raised chassis at the frotn fo the car are a pair of new turning vanes, not especially clear in the photo, they curve down and outwards, just behind the wishbones.
I think I'll have a nice hot shower :D
Be there at W.A.R 2012 battlegrounds, the main field is at Senator Enage St. cor. Jones St., Tacloban City.
Next, it was time to mount all of the envelopes. I had to figure out how I wanted to organize the dies...by style, type, size, season, shape, etc.
Make sure you iron your napkins before, and it helps if they have a light starch on them.
The Carlton Avenue bridge between Pacific Street and Atlantic Avenue was supposed to be closed from November 2006 through July 2007; it hasn't been closed yet.
The two cards I am showing you today are cards I made for a couple of challenges at Stamp TV. This card is for the challenge this week: Heavy Metal The card above uses the embossing foil technique. What an easy, yet impressive technique! You can see a video of this technique here:
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds Into my arms AUS
Founders Centennial
‘Defense spending goes up — breaking those caps; nondefense funds are cut an additional $27 billion under allocations approved last week. “Blah, blah, blah,” Boehner said dismissively of White House protests. But the speaker has hurt his credibility and risks another shutdown crisis unless he reverses himself again before Oct. 1′.
without leaving
X Proposed budget and detailed cost estimates by professionals;
Me: Trevin, what does that mean when you say daddy is so "fart"?
This is a book which will be loved by teachers, kids, parents, grandparents and anyone who loves good poetry. I thoroughly recommend it.
My family has been sharing a yucky cold this week. I thought I would manage to escape it but yesterday I felt a funny tickle in my throat and knew I was doomed. (sigh) I took echinacea, goldenseal and vitamin C right away. That evening I introduced homeopathic spongia toasta to my system, and before bed I did a salt-water gargle. I thought for sure I would wake up feeling dreadful this morning, but all I had was that same tickle in my throat. Thank God. I asked Him to please give me the strength I needed to do housework today -- and He did! I had energy for the most part of the day. My Great Physician is so good!
Photo Credit: CC=Stephen Rees nc-nd-flickr. CLICK TO ENLARGE
I also spent 2 years earning independant study credit by teaching art once a week to 4th graders in my brother-in-law's classroom. When I graduated college I continued teaching comic drawing at many of the local galleries, museum of art, and through the city recreation department and the public libraries (I'll be teaching a couple teen-Manga workshops this summer if anyone is local). At one point I was working 30 hrs./week for Copic and teaching 5 different workshops to kids each week. That's a lot of art!
Confusion and fear and disbelief filled the air. Rumors and speculation and conflicting news reports spread like wildfire through the hallways. Somebody said they heard that another plane had hit the Pentagon, and a fourth plane was unaccounted for. More conflicting stories surfaced, and there were unsubstantiated rumors about planes falling from the sky all over the country. By mid-morning, the decision was made to cancel classes for the rest of the day, and the students all gathered in the gym to watch the news on television monitors. Some parents came and picked up their kids early and took them home. Others stayed and watched. I remember standing in the back of the gym, leaning against the wall watching the TV images in utter disbelief. I watched in horror as people jumped out of windows on the upper floors of the twin towers, realizing it was the only way they could escape the flames and smoke that would have killed them anyway. Then the first tower collapsed, and I just sat down on the floor and buried my head in my hands as I thought of all the people who were still trapped inside. I looked around at the faces of my students. Some stared at the TV with their mouths open in disbelief. Some were crying. Some were praying. Some watched in stoic silence, while their eyes gave away their thoughts.
"We have taken something ugly, and found the beauty there still. We love, and live, sincerely. Life is good."
Here's to the start of a new year - Happy 2011 from my family to yours.
‘I love you.’ It was a lie.
Also for the weekend.
If you could only have three tools to scrap with - what would they be? My Xacto knife, glue dots, and my circle cutters......I actually don't use very many tools when I scrap.
Well, my artsy-fartsy side of me comes out from time to time and this time I was inspired by my dad's approaching birthday! I have done just about everything for gifts for him--pictures, sentimental, gift cards, red sox paraphernalia....you name it, I've exhausted it! So I wanted to do something different this year (let's just hope it is good different). Here's what I came up with:
Especially the bunny. I’m having a boy but come on – let’s not go there yet! I think while the room is pretty open I’m going to do a light sand on the affected places and repaint a closely matching or complimentary color because I like the color it is now (yes I’ll be very careful with the paint fumes). Or perhaps I’ll go wild and do something a little more like this, though more boy-oriented. The bottom doors are perfect so at this point it’s just the drawers and top that need help (I realize the top will have a changing pad on it but still – no bunny ears!).
It is really hard to miss one whole week of your life... Sun. I had to go back to the ER, the good ER I was not feeling right they think I was having a reaction to the med's or, maybe it is just nerves I mean hello I almost died an I am NOT sleeping well at all. I am afraid to go to sleep and never wake up again... I do feel better today and over the weekend we had a really nice bar be que at my SIL and BIL's house and they asked my sis and her family as well as my niece and her family this has really pulled the people I love the most together. as well as my SIL niece and husband I think of her as my other niece as well as my SIL's mum and pops thats what i call them with much love...
Go on bike rides to my friends houses..
A lovely friend from Japan sent me the best gift ever, Umeboshi or pickled plums.
I also fell head over heels (haha) over a pair of shoes...I will be on the hunt for many things to pair them with!
Reveilhac added that both APC and IP-Converge offer help to Cebu businesses to achieve goals either through building ‘smarter’ in-house data centers for them or providing ‘smarter’ data center services.
Well gorgeous friends, that is all from me today……keeping my fingers crossed that my sewing machine turns up today :o)…….its alright borrowing someone else's machine, but I swear that sewing machine like their owners and no one else LOL…….
Most of these mid-majors have been competitive over a period of time, if not quite dominant. All three mid-major participants in the BCS have been included. The biggest stretch on the list by far is SMU, which, quite frankly, has sucked for a while. I admit to betting on the come with regard to the Mustangs, but the money the school raised for the Jones hiring was impressive and indicates to me that SMU is ready to provide the resources to step up and play with the big boys. If you disagree, pull them out and substitute another program – perhaps Houston or Air Force.
As you know I was away last week (to Normandy, which I loved) and this coming week I will be away from home as well. To London this time with the same school as last year. Actually this is the fourth year I will be driving them to London. Which I love. I even made it into the trip's booklet, albeit with a bit of a bad photo. Although my friend Pepperfly (who is responsible for it) told me it would only be a pleasant surprise if they then saw me in real life. Hm, not convinced...
Read The Wind Blows Free
So when I was checking blog updates I saw a bunch of "linked" updates and was wondering why everyone posted them a day early. Then I realized that it was Friday today. It's been a long week. :)
Lineage
"I guarantee you, every single person that signed up for Instagram on that first day thought it was a filter app, and that's it," remarks Systrom. But the "filter" aspect (which I talked about in part 1) is not what it was really about, and it's certainly not why Facebook paid 1 billion dollars to acquire Instagram. It's really all about sharing photos. I'm not on Instagram (yet) so I can't speak from experience, but to hear Systrom speak about it, you would think you were about to embark on the "It's A Small World" ride at Disneyland. He calls it "one of the first truly international social networks" because the means of communication is visual rather than verbal:
- Come and go from the home at his leisure (no curfew enforceable)
Worse than Church architecture, has been the suppression of the Catholic spirit in everyday life. For us our religion is not to be discussed except among fellow Catholics or in complaint. Protestants in English speaking nations do not wear such a gag. They are freer to open religious conversations, to invite newly made friends to church with them, to speak of something God has done for them recently. This subtle but constant evangelization of ones social environment is perhaps the greatest treasure that our new converts bring with them. Only, these new converts will not be assimilated into a non evangelizing local parish community. Having their own church homes will allow them to continue to cultivate their evangelizing instincts. And, they will bring with them their hospitality instincts which we cradle Romans have little sense of.
Moderator: Aura Quezada (Mount Royal University)
Some will balk at such a stance and in truth I no longer care, for truth is truth and to veer from it is akin to lying, yet I would ask the open-minded reader to simply investigate for themselves the crafters of race-relations law, the hand behind communism and its leftist incarnation in western Europe, I would ask the reader to recognise the very hypocrisy of the settled Jewish community within this country, in that they advocate for Israel whilst thwarting any endeavour for we to regain our country. There will never be a day that I will advocate the merciless killing of Jews or any other non-European individuals or groups, yet I will not sink to my knees purely to placate a hoodwinked people or indeed, a now hoodwinked nationalist movement.
another satellite passes by
Overall Height: a petite 5.5"
There are about 30 million Bangladeshi immigrants in India: ” ... we are staging an agitation against them. We demand that these immigrants should be identified and they should be deported from this country. Detect, delete, and deport, these are our three demands”, said Sunil Kumar, an activist.
The collection was inspired by the idea of 'breathing'.
This is a good clean look. You can add a bit of yourself to it with color for text, links, background edge and border. You can also upload your own image for the header background if you like.
Jack nodded.
I haven’t posted a video or anything since a while too, but I have to say that this blog doesn’t pay my bills yet, so you guys have to understand.
I suppose it comes down to the human condition...as it should.
The Theme is Spring cards and Violets always remind me of spring. Since I'm an amateur photographer, I also took a bunch of pictures of my spring violets, so I decided to use them as the focus in my card. I have a small collection of copic markers and have been practicing blending colors, so I though I'd try using my pictures I took.
So has the arrest of three al Qaeda operatives in Ghana, who were charged with narco-terrrorism in New York after being handed over to the US Drugs Enforcement Agency (DEA) and transported to the United States.
As the 40th anniversary of Watergate impends, we are to be bathed again in the great myth and morality play about the finest hour in all of American journalism.
5. I allow myself to engage in other activities I enjoy, but with the bargain that I’ll write for the same given period of time afterwards. Along with that goes the implicit implication that this means I will devote most of my days off to writing. I don’t work well in the evening of the days I work because quite frankly I’m tired then. Constant contact with the public does not help inspire me to write.
Also, even if a given work or artist is somehow true genius, that doesn’t trump any real-world ethical concerns that might come with it. Art does not exist in a vaccum. The real world inspires art and is an important filter through which we view it. Judging a work outside of that context is in itself lazy criticism.
As attractive as closure through trade-in might be, I think we ought to take a tip from the Vikings; when someone dies, we put them in their own car, set the thing on fire, and send it rolling down a symbolic stretch of freeway. More impressive by far, and a move that would certainly be supported by the automakers.
For his bride,to see
Check all the supermarkets for food approaching sell buy date. They mark down drastically as the Brits refuse to eat anything that is near the end of its shelf life even if it is still perfectly good.
We wrote four of these. (The others will be showing up soon.) I did notice my linking-and-shifting muscles limbering up after a while. I think.
Brain, fuss. I think I burnt it fast.
I'm a bit stumped and hoping that if I put this idea out there in the universe, some link will be made and a sane friend of a friend maybe will become known to me.
through the prism of my mind.
And by one great pitchy torch stationary with wild red flame and
And I could've gone with piss... but I didn't, so there's that.
This 80,000 word novel started out as a short story. The tale was originally entitled “The Art Critics”, but I changed the name to “A Night In Old New Orleans”. You can read the 6,000 word story here on Smashwords. After I completed the short story, I signed up from the November novel writing event at NanoWriMo. I spent the whole month working on a completely different novel than the one I posted up at Smashwords. Then I showed a synopsis to a friend who was an agent for screenwriters. He liked the concept behind the story, but I have not put much effort into the second manuscript. Then I showed the short story called “The Art Critics” to the screenplay agent and he liked that also.
As for small happenings, Kira had her musical program tonight! Only Ben and I made it, which really disappointed her! She sobbed before we came, for about ten minutes! Then she kept watching the door. I felt bad for her! Then she started crying in the last song, because Ben was giving her the "boooo" sign! Good grief! I was working so hard to film everything to show Scott and his mom when they got here that I hadn't noticed! Poor Kira! She was already emotional! She did a great job though! It was eight songs, straight in a row, with no words! I'm impressed!
Yep. Real grass. Delivered every two weeks by the brilliant guys at Pet Patio Pickup (who I love even if they are rough on my walls when they make deliveries).
It could only have been Cain and his new family, -- a new breed of man, a Mongolian race of beings whose existence could only have come about when Cain’s seed mixed with the black-skinned pre-Adamite races from God’s first creation, and later with Adam’s fair daughters. This may sound preposterous and improbable, but once you’ve read the rest of this posting you’ll see why the earliest and most wicked savages of Asia were white and yellow-skinned barbarians, and why the picture painted here is not as illogical as it may seem at first sight.
People who have experienced bullying might:
On Series 6 overall:
As for that little demon? Haven’t heard a peep since that moment last night. And that thing never shuts up. I legitimately think its gone.
2- Embellishments
Drag yourself out of your public holiday pyjamas and make it to a parade (remember, they can't see your support from your couch, and it means so much to them.)
Availability : Limited, yearly special release
“No and stop making me repeat myself. When I say dance, you dance” His voice was now angry.
Teal basket 1$ at Big Lots
We discovered adorable postcard shops in Les Halles and picked up a few souvenirs. We roamed aimlessly at night, along streets illuminated by the soft glow of lampposts, and past the Seine disturbed only by quiet ripples.
Upon reaching the area where we would camp, we pitched our tents and gathered wood for our campfires later that night. Then everyone spent the afternoon playing fun Pioneer games! Here's Zach doing the Stick Pull!
I prepared my oysters with lemon juice, salt and Tabasco. Hynn then gave me one undoctored and I was so bummed I doctored mine. They were incredible just on their own. I made a real piggy of myself slurping and chewing and washing it down with wine.
This was the day that Mariarchi and I were looking for for a while. This place had been abandoned for years and years. The building in question was an old traffic control center near the west gate bridge in Melbourne. The main building wasn’t that exciting. There was only one room in the place that held anything worth photographing. It was the main control room. This room was alarmed and any movement would set the alarms off.
They soon acquired the respect of the world, which they despised; and the loudest applause was bestowed on this DIVINE PHILOSOPHY, which surpassed, without the aid of science or reason, the laborious virtues of the Grecian schools. The monks might indeed contend with the Stoics in the contempt of fortune, of pain, and of death: the Pythagorean silence and submission were revived in their servile discipline; and they disdained as firmly as the Cynics themselves all the forms and decencies of civil society. But the votaries of this Divine Philosophy aspired to imitate a purer and more perfect model.
As a youngster he became a production assistant at various Bristol Theatres. In 1917, barely in his teens, he joined Bob Pender’s Knockabout Comedians. The company toured the provinces for the next couple of years. In 1920, they boarded the Olympic for a booking in America. The troupe opened at the Hippodrome in a revue called “Good News”, which ran for 9 months. In 1921 they toured the Keith Circuit, with a final gig at the Palace in 1922.
My first exposure to Small, when they shared a bill in Wilmington with Archers of Loaf, was good enough to boost them to my fave-band status around 1993-94. Within the year-ish I'd gathered up most of their available music and continued to do so whenever the new-release radar beeped.
· horror
A new creation in Jerusalem, in Babylon
Finally, there is a new butcher, imaginatively titled "The Butcher Shop". It's near Woolworths, in the square in the corner. From Woollies, go past the chemist and jeweler, and look to the right, across from the Shiny Things Shop. (Not its real name.) They're in the new tradition of butchers, with house-made sausages and ready made kebabs and marinated ready-to-go roasts. They stock King Island beef. I haven't checked all the details about what's local and what's free range yet, but I can say that the sausages, silverside and lamb chops that I've had so far have all been top quality.
“The EDL supporters were very peaceful and the police have been very supportive in the pre-planning and on the day. I am very proud of the way this morning has been handled.”
I`ve been getting into the paper lately. Here are a few of new items at
Would you Adam and Eve it but yet another advert (making it's debut tonight, in the UK only I'm afraid) with my fizzog on will be appearing on your tele-boxes. Add this to VW, Kirky and my Yahoo! jaunt and I am verging on saturation point. No bad thing...unless you hate me...and the thing is with commercials, they are ever decreasing circles in that, if you do too many, people won't use you for a bit so I may be due for a crushing lack of work.
T: I think there is so much possibility of perfecting each little detail in the studio, that the soul of the music can die if everything is over analyzed and microcosm’d. When music is recorded, live or in the studio, its kind of hard to explain but I feel that the soul of the music is being recorded and captured, and that hopefully it can be relayed to the listener. When people get goosebumps listening to music maybe that’s a small part of the soul of the recording speaking to them; when there is emotional attachment with the listener with a given recording. What is it about Joplin, or Hendrix, or Billie Holiday, or even further back Robert Johnson, that continues to move people? It is something that transcends time and space and just continues to hit home with the listener. Coming back to the perfection of the recording studio, many inexperienced producers and engineers don’t have the smarts to stop! They keep going for perfection, and there is no soul in perfection. What makes a good record is the ability to capture that elusive feeling that a band can make. The first take, the guide track vocal may not be perfect, but it could be more emotionally moving then the perfect final vocal. Always go back to where you started to make sure you’ve still got that thing that moved you when you first heard the song, the performance.
I talked to a few people & I think i know what happened.
Dames, Dolls & Delinquents
“S-su… baby… w-why didn’t you wear clothes?”Yoochun take mental note to slap himself because being stuttered.
On a bed, or a seat, or on a walk, boasting, eating… Always we were one!
So I went to the vet to spend some time with her before she died and I am so happy I did. I had gone the night before and I am extremely grateful that I did that as well. When I got there, I held her and cried and cried and cried. I told her I was sorry I couldn't make her better. I can't even tell you how many times I apologized to her. I felt horrible. She looked at me with the saddest eyes and I knew I was doing the right thing. She tried to purr and she wagged her tail a little bit. But then she started getting worse. Right there in my arms she started getting worse. Thankfully a friend of mine told me she would be there with me and I'm so happy she was. It was hard enough having to put my kitty to sleep, but to do it without your daddy there was worse.
The politically incorrect observation was made by a senior US State Department official who visited the city as part of an effort to engage Muslim communities in Europe. It reflects how Leicester's long-ballyhooed experiment with multiculturalism is being challenged by Muslim separatism and assertiveness.
Does it bounce back to the receptionist? Do you then take a message?
Ps 34:5,8 (NIV) Those who look to him are radiant; their faces are never covered with shame… Taste and see that the Lord is good…
Everyone seems to be talking about leadership, many people are writing about leadership, and everyone seems to want to be a better leader.
This is the sort of pattern I used to skip over, due to the extreme soccer mom/cheerful conservative midwestern college girl styling. However, I have learned that pattern companies style everything in the most horrible fashion possible, so I just skip straight to the line drawing now. Actually, minus the icky bell shaped sleeves, this is quite a nice little collection of casual shirts. It has a lot of modification potential, too.
1 plot
Our boot camps were out of this world. I wanted a good butt kicking, and Eva delivered. Naturally, I was nervous. Everyday was a new kind of challenge. I LOVED the surprise element and never knowing what the next exercise was. The day of the 100′s will be burned into my mind forever. I remember when she first said 100 reps, I thought she was kidding so I chuckled. Then when I realized she wasn’t kidding, I was scared but gave it my all. My favourite 100 reps was for the abs. The most challenging was the pushups.
“If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.”
Compared to images with an unambiguous subject, abstract images can be more difficult for many people (perhaps most people) to appreciate and understand. One goal may be to find a middle ground where allusion to a subject adds substance and depth that complements the simpler pleasures of line and color.
For more info about this giveaway, just click on the banner located on my sidebar.
For those of you who are new to the battle, here's an introduction post I wrote in it's first year. But basically, it's a bracket-style elmination competition for books. I organize the event, but I don't have any hand in the judging or determining the winner. Judges are selected from volunteer book bloggers, YA lit enthusiasts, and blog readers. Each bracket is judged by a new set of volunteers, who choose which book will move on, and which book does not. This is the 3rd battle at The Shady Glade, and each year has had a different theme.
Take for example, the Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act (PWDVA), 2005. This law in essence, begins with the definition that its a law meant for women to be aggrieved person and not men.
All you have to do is leave a comment on THIS post by midnight on February 14. I will draw a name later in the week and send it off to the lucky winner.
Think of it like this… some of us (from what spirit keeps repeating in my head is about 100,000 or so of us walking around on earth right now) have hybrid DNA within us. Direct from our star cluster/celestial daddy’s (and it is so much more than just Pleiadian energy, that just happens to be my genetic coding, there are many others.)
focused on one section
I have a couple of small little updates to share this week for Metamorphosis Monday. I decided to remove the TV from the office since I found I only turned it on a couple of times a month. You can see it in this older photo to the right of the wallpaper organizer, beside the lamp. I guess I hadn't added the ottoman yet when this pic was taken.
He is sweet with everyone. He is housebroken. He is overweight. He snores.
You see, I'm a bit of a mint addict. Sure the lipbalm was shaped a little odd, but anything called Sweet Mint couldn't be that bad!
But for now here's a little photographic update on the last few weeks by way of visual aid.
The nine were among 12 men arrested on December 20 in what police said at the time were counter-terrorism raids essential to protect the public from the threat of attack.
In other great news, I finally uploaded a bunch of photos to that digital photo frame I've had for over 2 years. It's sitting in the kitchen corner where I can see it from nearly every angle in the rooms I hang out in. I love seeing those pictures of Brandon, me, Dexter, Winston, and our families. It brings a smile to my face with every silly photo I put on there. Yay me.
This past June, I had lunch with my friend Alison who worked with Paula and me at that downtown agency. Alison was an account executive under Paula. She too had moved to Long Beach, and also eventually wound up working at Disney. I met her in Burbank and we had a wonderful lunch, kicking around old times and catching up.
Goldie was folding laundry today and came across a dress with little hearts all over it. One of the girls at Children's Hour has the same dress and wore it on Wednesday for the Valentine's Party. Goldie wore a different dress, but I still pointed out what her friend had on.
And without batting an eye, she said, “Well, that was the whole point.”
Of course I’m not going to leave you without some of the famous Unedited question and answers! So without further ado, I give you Michele!
We shall see. In reality, I doubt we will, such is the weight of state approved homophobia in Uganda.
Cut a rectangle, twice as long as he arm length and the width of the arm. You will have a long rectangle. Hem the short ends (this will be the end of the sleeves). Fold in half lengthwise, right sides together to make a long tube (pic A). Now, cut your tube in half. Tada! You have 2 sleeves!
The kids soon discover that the lab experiment that went wrong has started a collision of realities, and at first the collisions produced minor differences, but further afar the realities are to the ‘base’, the more drastic the changes become when they collide. It seems to be locally affecting a certain radius around the lab, including the home town, but it appears to be spreading slowly outward.
In a large bowl, combine flour and sugar. Using a pastry blender, cut in the butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Stir in drained cherries and 4 ounces (2/3 cup) of the chopped chocolate. Stir in almond extract and, if desired, food coloring. Knead mixture with your hands until it forms a smooth ball.
Happy Monday! As I have been working on getting ready to launch my shop, I have been thinking how nice it would be to have a list of all the shops that bloggers have. So that's what I'll do! I will be adding a page soon that has them all listed and will keep it updated as we go along. If you want to be added, shoot me an e-mail with your shop name, URL and what you sell! Don't have a shop? Tell your friends who do! I think it we be fun to have it all in one place so we can support each other easier!
This last Impression Obsession card uses a bottle with a wreath along with a sentiment stamp from the set CL282 The Miracle of Christmas.
~Respecting other runners
These people, in the public eye, yes, but still, become taregts for hatred. They are hounded down, criticised for whatever they do.
Smile when you think about me,
Lunch time here in Florida. Don’t forget to check back tomorrow!
He’s collapsed beneath the bar
The ideological assumptions of passive women and attractive women are etched away many instances in the film. In the opening and closing scenes of the film, couple Ringo and Yolanda are robbing a café at gunpoint.
Apologies if this is stating the obvious. Happy Killing.
as you can see, i did a thicker band of distressed/antiqued silver leafing around the top of it, then thinner lines on the corners of the two side legs, the front panel, and the very bottom panel. she will be replacing the hardware with something that fits the "new" piece better!
I found a fab little yoga studio, and a boring meathead style gym -I guess somethings are not that different
“Please, please. I’ll do anything! Please!”
If so, pony up some money for The Greatest Beers of the World, a fundraiser for the American Red Cross. A friend of mine up there is a co-chair of the event, and the keynote speaker is from Victory Brewing Co., one of America's best breweries (in fact, I was drinking a bottle of their Hop Wallop just last night). The info promises a sampling of up to 100 brands of beer! (I'm sure "up to" is the key phrase there – I'd be needing some help from the Red Cross if I tried to sample that many in just one night.)
This one pours an inky black with a thin, dark tan head head. Very low carbonation, which I think is just fine in this style.
Romans 3:24-26 says ”and all are justified freely by his grace through the redemption that came by Christ Jesus. God presented Christ as a sacrifice of atonement, through the shedding of his blood—to be received by faith. He did this to demonstrate his righteousness, because in his forbearance he had left the sins committed beforehand unpunished — he did it to demonstrate his righteousness at the present time, so as to be just and the one who justifies those who have faith in Jesus”.
Collectors Corner
the birds nest that bwip, bwip, bwips
Admission is just $5 at the door.
(The cafe inside Grandmart Supermarket, Cham City Centre, Damascus)
Trouble is, although our weather forecasters could agree what code red meant, no one in charge could seem to agree what this meant we should do.
3. I drove to a garden shop and loaded the truck with mulch. I drove back home.
Vol. 1, No. 15, 17 December, 1858, pp. 174-175.
Lee even proposes in all seriousness that in the future, insured individuals who don’t measure their vital signs and who ignore health tips should pay higher insurance premiums. “There is a lot of compatibility to the automobile market; the more accidents you have, the higher your premiums go,” he points out.
Still smarting from the insult, ‘jun03′ added:
Balance!
Become a fanatic about saving quarters. Experienced RVers have found they can’t have enough quarters. 35mm film canisters make excellent containers for quarters (if you can still find them). Each canister will hold $7.00 worth.
* improving or modifying the invention
6C. Kölsch
You stay while im displaced
I hate hate. I hate the hating haters who don't hate hate like me. Kill the hating haters! Sterilize the hating haters, then kill them and desecrate their graves and dig them up and hate them for hating like that.
( I wonder how I can communicate effectively)
- its complete set without any faded/missing/broken parts
In addition to the necklaces, tea hats, and charm bracelets, the girls were also able to bring home a tea pot frame craft kit. This is a simple and mess-free craft that uses tea cup, heart and star foam stickers to decorate the tea pot-shaped frame.
And here I am...2:00am still awake. Pretty much tired but feel like I can't sleep or don't want to and I'm not quite sure why. I only feel completely at ease when he is here. I'm so stressed out about finding a job and worried that I'm going to run out of money before I do....:( I'm already living off my grandparents funeral fund, my mother is paying my internet bill...I feel like a loser. I'm praying that I get a job. The only interview I had was for a job that would only give me $7.25 to drive 30 minutes one way...I can't accept that if they offered! I wouldn't even make enough to cover my gas money, especially since they didn't know if they could even give me even one day per week.
Level 1, 7 Randle St, Surry Hills, NSW 2010
Just like back in Knoxville, discharging a firearm (except at a range or to bust a cap in a bad guy) is prohibited in the city limits of Indianapolis, but there's no ordinance against ordnance out in the county, which is weird, because Indy and Marion County supposedly fused into this "Unigov" thing years ago...
J. Msobk
Marlin’s test.
Hostess with the mostess(influence) Prime Minister David Cameron. A cheque mate who’ll legislate.
or being genuinely honest is, in fact, a later concern for me.
Scallops!
"I suppose I've done some funny things along the way like A Winter's Tale, you know, which... errm... OK, I've just done 'em!"
You can paint or use vinyl numbers to place your house number on your freshly painted door:
So, earlier this week, an argument blossomed between the education staff. To be honest, it was me against them. They argued that the bird was a female. I argued male. Their argument was supported by size. My argument was supported by the fact that the bird had made "nest scrapes" in the corners of its enclosure, a job typically reserved for the males. I was pretty sure I was right. I am sure you can see where this might be heading.
Kenna. Maybe we should skip the paragraph about Kenna. She's two and a half. All we do is first time obedience. It's hard to do without laughing at her, and she knows it. She tries to get us to laugh now which makes it even harder to be serious. Bundle of joy and wonder--she is so caring and loving. One of her new favorite things to do is "give a present." She takes her owl blankie, wraps up a little board book she has, like a present. And says, "would you like to open it with me?" Then we both have to open it together and we both say, "Wooowww" with a very surprised face. She wants to do this over and over for about 20 minutes. Then she gets tired of it for about 5 minutes, and then we start again. I'm enjoying all her playacting...it forces me to be more creative with her and to really engage myself. Her other new favorite thing is for me to put her hair into pigtail braids. I did this one night after bath and she was so excited...now that's the only way she wants you to do her hair! I have many pictures, and maybe in the next 2 weeks I'll post some. (Just being real, this is my life. Sorry!)
Less than 12 hours after SMRT trains were delayed along both the East-West and North-South line due to a combination of ‘train fault’ and ‘platform door fault’, a SMRT train was stalled at Clementi MRT station on Monday evening due to ‘train fault’.
The Lupron is used when there are a lot of follicles because it doesn't stimulate the small follicles to grow like HCG would. It helps to prevent OHSS I guess. It's weird to use it to induce ovulation when you use it to surpress during an IVF cycle.
Right now, Chelsea is updating Twitter for the shelter, but when we’re done with our project, they won’t need us. The Twitter page will be updated automatically when Gail updates the Facebook page.
Most people are content that the law is the province of the state and a natural monopoly. No one would dream of privatising it. The legal industry, excepting many if not most lawyers, is state owned.
“Nope.”
** Second Helpings "beef tenderloin with fontina cheese, potatoes and savory tomato chutney" This was delish. I was very excited to try this dish because I love what Second Helpings does for our community. I very much encourage you to click the link to their website and see the very cool program that is Second Helpings. This was some of the best cooked beef I've had- the flavor and moisture were exactly right. The tomato chutney was sweeter than I expected and the flavor popped in my mouth.
A good query letter is necessary for getting a publisher’s attention. Before you can sell your book to the public, you need to sell it to the potential publisher so it needs to be as professional and attention-grabbing as possible. Spend time on it. Rewrite and rewrite it until it is as perfect as you can make it, and don’t forget to proofread it multiple times. Good luck!
What do we get from this? Well apart from an easing of the pain of choice (which I'll come back to), we get some real positive value from the branding effort. Not in the sense that these positioned products are better, but the branding itself can be valuable. We can use the product we've chosen to send signals about ourselves - sometimes to ourselves.
The issue of trust is raised without being asking.
Have you checked out the fun at the SCACD store blog? The DT has so much fun sharing our creations with you all....but we would LOVE to see the beautiful creations that you make using the EXCLUSIVE SCACD stamps (Sylvia Zet for SCACD, Elisabeth Bell for SCACD, Carmen Medlin for SCACD, and Victoria Case for SCACD). You can share your creations on our
This is one of my favorite wedding pictures of us. First, because we look as young and innocent as we were. And second because the wind was blowing--we were on the roof of the Oakland LDS temple, overlooking the San Francisco bay where the wind regularly blows--and we didn't even care. We were married, and that was all that mattered that day.
She made me believe in...... welll... me again.........
Proverbs is known as the book of wisdom. Each verse provides a nugget of knowledge for us to live a successful life. One is our challenge verse today. Proverbs 17:22 says a cheerful heart is good medicine. It really isn't rocket science is it? It has long been documented that a cheerful disposition affects one's overall health. It is easier when we feel good and life is rolling along. We get lulled into thinking that happiness comes through our life's events, a loving husband, good children, a sufficient job. We are thankful for all the good times... but what about the difficult times? How do we maintain that cheerful spirit? People search so many different avenues to achieve happiness. So many think it is only achieved by experiences. However true happiness is a soul thing and cannot be gained by any external blessings.
Then the rest of the family came by for cake after. A wonderful day and evening with family and friends.
Wow, that has got to be the weirdest title ever. And really makes no sense. So on to the post.... :)
After the ultrasound which took twenty painstaking minutes of me holding the upper body while Bry held her legs. Maeve screamed as they checked her from positions on her both her back and stomach. CHoP is a teaching hospital, and unfortunately we had the new resident in radiology who was not that familiar with the ultrasound machine. The tech spent a lot of time talking the resident through the ultrasound all while Maeve cried and then sucked her pacifier. I believe if the regular tech had performed the ultrasound it may have been about a third faster. But, docs need to learn somewhere, right?
Wear good walkin shoes, bring small Euros for easy purchasing.
Also, there are “stretch-stitched” gathers along the middle third of the scarf which ruffle the fabric a bit. It’s very generously sized, at least 6 feet long and 45 inches wide if stretched out (but the stitching which makes it bunch up makes it look a lot narrower than that).
I think he is mistaken about Jones and Rense, but we can't agree on everything.
Garlic powder- 1 tbsp (or use 1/2 to 1 tbsp garlic paste)
Last night I barely remember a few dream fragments which were all a bit strange, probably because I had a sore throat & the air in the room was making it worse & my bladder was hurting because I needed to use the bathroom.
Will we hold onto something that is ultimately worthless, or will we give it up for real life? To give it up requires faith. It requires us to trust that there is a real resurrection, that real life is still waiting for us. We can see and touch the fake things, like Chuck could touch and see the volleyball Wilson. But those things are not as real and true as what awaits us when we trust in Jesus. Jesus said:
And he showed himself in his true form of
What bothered me was that in the end, I don’t think Austin got it. He openly hated Carrie’s job and spent the majority of the novella waiting for her to come to her senses and come home. While the do eventually reconcile and “compromise” it’s not in any way I see working in the long run. I wondered if maybe Carrie should have given the big city boys a chance…because Austin’s not giving up anything for her dream.
04. Great Gig In The Sky 7:11
ZEEP – GHOST TOWN
1) Lose 50 to 70 lbs. I know a pretty standard resolution, but I have a plan in place.
Lisa Frost, 22, Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif.
I'm taking some time today to clean out the ridiculously large fabric stash I have. Below are some items I'm selling. Except where noted, items will be shipped USPS flat rate $10.95 anywhere in the country. I'm really trying to move this stuff out of here so prices are low. Hope you find something you like to finish (or start!) a project.
Let me take a second to say a massive Thank-you to all of you who have made this meme a success. I have truly loved reading the blogs that have linked up as well as appreciated the support, comments and shares. I will still be joining in-I just won't need to be so organized and be first. And of course Yay For Home! isn't going anywhere, hosting this meme had just run it's course for me.
Hello friends! I have finally climbed out from under the piles of laundry, my inbox is manageable and I think I'm back on Central Standard Time. Time for the first Trip Report....we'll start in Paris!!
This flower garden smelled incredible. It has tones of petunia's. I wanted to bottle it up and take it home.
Redwood Bend is the 18th novel in Robyn Carr’s highly acclaimed Virgin River series and this one sees Katie, who readers will remember as Connor from #17′s younger sister, making her way to Virgin River to visit her brother. Now that what kept them apart has been resolved, Katie is looking forward to being close to Connor again. He’s looked after her since the premature loss of their parents and she wants to be close to him for her twin boys’ sake as well. She isn’t sure if she’ll settle permanently in Virgin River, the boys may have needs that will mean living in a larger town. But she’s going to take some time there and see her brother and get to know his new partner Leslie and hopefully just relax.
The exercise calls for the camera to be placed in front of a fixed setting that has continous motion, and for this I used the merging of intersections on the River Trent.
t-a-k-e y-o-u-r t-i-m-e
“A bunch of guys talk in the market,” said Don Feinberg, a founder of Brewery Ommegang in Cooperstown, N.Y., and an importer for Vanberg & DeWulf there. “We’ve all been saying the same thing for about 18 months now, which is, enough of the high octane.”Rock on, Don! If it were just a little easier to find these beers...I wonder if we'd see more sales. Sounds like the USDOT is putting on a DUI push: why not get behind that?
What I take from this passage is that there is no reason to set rules around the path you feel you should be taking, if you don’t actually know where you are going. We focus so strongly on what enculuration says is ‘normal’ about the ways we get into relationships, how we let off steam, or how we respond to someone who has ticked us off, for example, that we stop looking at the why? behind our actions.
Meanwhile, the guiding objectives are the same, whether in NATO’s East European frontiers in Kosovo and Georgia, or the shores of Tripoli. In Libya, NATO spokespeople are forecasting “NATO interoperable forces,” and kings and dictators are supported in Georgia and elsewhere. NATO also seeks a “Middle Eastern Partnership” to bring that area into their fold.
P-I-N-K
The Beer: Though MCBC is still working out specifics on exactly what styles they will offer, they have plans to experiment with a little bit of everything everything. "We will set the bar extremely high," Adams said.
Geej: How old is he?
Pesto salmon with broccoli and dinner rolls
This WordArt request is from Elaine. She thinks it's a song from "Happily 'Never After" (I haven't seen the movie, but my kids LOVE it), by They Might Be Giants. I thought it was a GREAT quote, so I made it up for her. She wanted to use it in her living room, with pictures of her family. Awe, what a WONDERFUL idea! Be sure and send me pics when you get it up! Sounds awesome :)
Justin's mom came over to pick up Cady and then take her to the lake for the day. I cried. As did I the night before. We left out and stopped for lunch in Texarkana in hopes of meeting up with my college roomie, Cindy, before heading out. We were able to squeeze in a few minutes of chatting before heading out. We drove just south of Houston to the Nasa area for our overnight stay. Traffic was great until 8 miles to our hotel and was stop and go until then. C'est la vie. Then we topped off the night at Olive Garden with a gift card. Free dinner! Woo hoo!
Nina's threads are very pretty, with subtle variation in color. You can see more of them on her site ~ click here. Oh, and she is making pretty jewelry too ~ must see!
Church-going Americans are not only going in debt for war, they supply their sons and daughters to be killed and maimed in the contest. Celebrity Zionists beat the drums for war that Israel wants, but I have not heard of Hagee’s or Farwell’s son enlisting, or any of the congressmen’s children. The scorched foot soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan include a disproportionately large number of Judeo-Christians, who we believe, often enlist because mom and dad raised him in the Judeo-Christian church where volunteering is considered noble, even today after Abu Ghraib and Guantanamo. Their youths are taught that if we honor Israel we earn blessings for America from God. It is these young men who pay with shattered bodies and broken minds for the free junkets to Israel taken by a reported 80 Congressmen in August 2007.
Personally, when I got into blogging in 2008, my mentor, Jomar Hilario, said that WordPress is for experienced bloggers because WordPress is more technical. So when Sir Jomar said that I should have a WordPress blog (as a graduate of the VA Seminar last 2010), I got scared. But I had to do it because Sir Jomar said possible clients will see advantages in a VA with a WordPress blog. Because Sir Jomar’s tutorials, I have been in WordPress for two years now.
Lastly, do NOT get a full Flash web site. Flash is becoming obsolete because smart phones don't support Flash. The only time I create anything for Flash now-a-days at my day job is for banner ads and the face of online advertising is changing as I write. Who knows where Flash will be used in the next fiscal year? Based on my own web site's statistics, many people are looking at my site on smart phones (probably hiding from their wives or work people) so it is absolutely essential for your site to be smart phone-friendly. If anyone tries to convince you to get a Flash site cause it moves and makes noises, just say NO.
*When my son was in middle school the teachers would at the end of class check each and every student’s agenda book to see if they had written correctly their assignment(s). The teacher would initial it (or use a stamp) to confirm that it was correct. I thought this was a fantastic idea and it also made sure that the students had their assignments written down correctly and they would know when to turn them in on time. Parents also had to sign the agenda book daily to verify that they had read the above and understood what their child was supposed to do.
Principe di Calabria - con bergamotto, gelsomino e pan spagna
I think I will pack a measuring tape into my own hospital bag in a couple of weeks too. Honestly, I’m thinking that photos sent to family away will be all the more amazing when they get a sense of size alongside of the pictures of sweet little feet and hands and face and everything else.
that I can have you
#2 Be Organic
Thoughts? Good casting choice? Cumberbatch is an excellent actor whose star is certainly on the rise.
Well, I’m a little nervous as I think about she’ll react when I tell her she’s getting one, but I don’t let on. To be truthful, as we get started, it puts me in a good mood because I like spanking her. I find that any anger I had usually goes away very quickly when she makes herself vulnerable by putting herself over my lap. As I spank, I am claiming again that role of HOH and I remember that I am responsible for her and I’m to take care of her. And I love her.
Total weight gain: +29.5 total. This is +2 from last week. Almost at 30 lbs. with 7 more weeks to go.
I am so glad I decided to rise above Scott's original concerns... Look at the community we have created!
Who are your favorite clients?
Well, that’s not exactly what I said.
When upward turned, on one sole image fell;
Those departments have forms to fill out and among the questions they ask is Who is going to publish the book; How many copies will be printed; Where will the books be sold and so forth.
Second Category: “The Intellect and the Senses.” If you thought the last one was esoteric, this one is even more so. Common sense and reason tell us that there is a difference between our thoughts and our senses. One is informed by the other, but they are not the same thing. And you would think it would take a real moron to mistake the two. Well, let me introduce you to Thomas Hobbes, John Locke, George Berkley, David Hume who basically thought they were one in the same…and Plato, Descartes, Kant and Hegel who thought that they had little to nothing to do with each other. The reason this becomes a problem is that it begins to degrade the nature of language (I’ll spare you the steps on how this works, trust me this is what Adler points out)…and that this is also a basis for the arguments of crackpots who think that humans are not superior to animals. So if PETA has ever annoyed you, you can blame this logical error as being part of that problem.
Some days ago I got into a stupid argument with a girl on youtube. Youtube is actually my favourite thing to waste my time with and I watch videos about everything! The videos I watch mostly are about fashion, make-up, cooking or they are comedic web series but I also like to watch this one awesome guy that makes video game props, like full Skyrim armours and Zelda shields (He also has videos on how to forge reals swords! Real swords! With metal and fire and holy crap!).
What do you want from me 4'16
Fall colour blocking is something I think that marketing people made up. Seriously, it's just wearing fall colours and not prints. All fall colours go together, so group all the wines, oranges and browns together (toss some yellow in there too, and some dark purple if the mood takes you, and don't forget to add some olive). Whatever floats your boat.
* Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor’s Degree, Industrial Engineering / Management / Economics / Finance/Accountancy.
Next we heard from Alice Kleinsman about "Heart Centred Parenting". She's a registered classical homeopath, certified NLP (neuro-linguistic programming) practitioner and life coach. I found what she shared to be quite inspiring, although a bit rushed. She quickly took us through the basics of what she works through with people in the 6 week course she runs. She had one hour with us, so you can imagine how condensed it was! There were 3 main areas: the "Having Values" wheel, where you write down the keys ways you enjoy to meet your own emotional needs onto a wheel chart divided into segments. It included things like spiritual practice, relationships, health, security, beauty, art & creativity, companionship etc.... The idea was to write down the key things that matter to you, and then for each one to mark down how close to the centre of your life it currently is. We need to be having at least one key area fairly close to the centre, to be finding some emotional fulfilment from it's practice.
Shadow!
What are the minimum amount of “upsales” that are required over a month’s period of time??
Female CEOs take on riskier assignments, in order, to advance in their career. For example, consider Campbell’s CEO transition from Douglas Conant to Denise Morrison. Morrison is going to run a company with an uncertain future. Americans have lost their taste for soup, and their rival Progresso has taken a lot of market share. Riskier assignments also mean a higher probability of failure. When a female CEO fails, it’s the news of a century. Recently, Avon announced the replacement of Andrea Jung as CEO. When Mrs. Jung first became CEO in 1999, she was the first woman to lead the consumer products company. She won admiration for her attention to detail, and changed the company culture. The company grew successfully until 2005 when profit margins began to shrink. Avon began faltering international markets, and loosing business in the US. Critics have publically denounced Jung as a failed CEO. But when JCPenney announced its executive replacement, more attention was placed on the incoming CEO, Ron Johnson, than JCPenney’s old CEO. In fact, in most articles, there is mention of JCPenney’s faltering business, but never is the old CEO mentioned as being the cause of it.
Mortgage Approvals (March) 49.860K vs. estimated 48.000K vs. previous 49.029K.
Have you hugged your vampire recently?
This game was played in 10-under Category in NOPSSCEA. And his team University of St. La Salle – Integrated School played against UNO-R.
I feel so bad to have left you this long dear Blog! Not that I haven't been creating, I've just been preoccupied. I've still been dropping by to see what you've all been up to. I've just been a little silent.
It’s no fun to run when you’re cold, and it’s windy, and your hands are freezing but your body is too hot, because you maybe have one (or three) too many layers on.
Recently, I ventured along the Metrolink line to Altrincham, a reviving town which has added a new addition to its ranks – Coco’s Italian restaurant. Located on Regent Street close to the main high street and the back streets of Belgian and European bars, it houses a small bar and long restaurant that s split into two. I met with my family and were quickly greeted and seated in the front part of the restaurant, close to what looked like a rather fantastic window seat looking out into the bustling back streets of Altrincham.
17 miracles, bad? Are you kidding me I loved that movie. Maybe that is just because I am serving a mission and they are the only movies that we can watch. As well they are not just about the boys who held them cross. Actually i believe that technically it doesn’t show those three. It shows another crossing but I don’t think that it is that one. Anyways enough of the technicalities of 17 miracles, although it was very well done.
So we are making some changes around here. Not only are we changing our mindset, but we are also letting ourselves be a little less frugal in exchange for better food. Sure it costs more and right now we could use every penny we have, but we think this is important. To compensate our portion sizes are a little smaller, and probably more appropriate, and we aren't eating meat as the centerpiece of our meal each night. And we are taking this just one step at a time. Last week we bought our first dozen of local, cage-free eggs and most of our vegetables at the co-op. Maybe next week I'll buy our milk there too.
Queen of Heaven she is called. For she rules the gods, and holds in her grasp the powers of the sky, of storm, and even the stars if she so wills it, would plummet to the earth, would quench their lights, would move their masses to hold new shapes.
SpotLightSeattle is looking for an editorial intern who is extremely organized, self-motivated and able to multitask and prioritize. Interns must be interested in lifestyle journalism (real estate, dining, fashion, wine home décor or health/beauty/fitness are a plus but not required), and must be available to work a minimum of two-week days in the offices in Belltown and Mercer Island, with occasional evening assignments.
I have had some very engaging discussions lately with different people about how the negativity of others can interfere with your own life. I came to the conclusion that it can only do that if you allow it. If you remember always that within every human at their source..their centre..their soul if you prefer..is only pure love. If you meet them and see that aspect of them there is no way they can bring your energy down to their level and it is very likely you will bring them higher.
- I was considering putting it on bold. But I didn’t. Obviously. See ya’ll on the flip side later.
Today I want to show another little cross-stitched project that I have done lately. I cross-stitched this red rose to make a thank-you note card.
C'mon Owen. I know you've been having a rough time of it lately - but really??
It was a good thing I kept up the drawing practice at home in the meantime, because now that I'm doing the much more difficult 3-D drawings, it is much easier than I had anticipated. The first class, Cast Drawing, is only two weeks, five days a week, so I have only a total of 30 hours to get the thing finished, and I think I can make it, given the progress so far.
“Jesus Christ is above all rule, authority, power and dominion, every name invoked, over every title bestowed in this age and the next. God has placed all things under His feet and anointed Him as Head over all things for His gathered assembly (A Headship that is exercised throughout His gathered assembly). This gathered assembly is His body, the fullness of Him who fills All in All.” Paul of Tarsus, Ephesians 1:22-23
In more other news, Gandalf has had 2 full days in kitty confinement with no spraying in the bathroom whatsoever. I visit him often to cuddle, scritch and hold him. Last night I gave him 15 minutes out on the patio. I watched “the business end” every moment as he walked around sniffing fresh air and stretching his legs without incident. Whew. I returned him to kitty confinement just before going to bed. We shall see.
A rag quilt.
The Great Blue Heron (GBH) is the largest of the North American herons.
Sprinkle with paprika if desired.
David Thomas Broughton's 2005 debut album The Complete Guide to Insufficiency was a late discovery for me, or else its haunting choral minimalism would surely have ranked among my favorite albums of the 2000s when I compiled my best-of-the-decade list. This year, after a number of EPs and minor releases, Broughton finally returns with a proper follow-up. Outbreeding is a very different record from Broughton's debut, replacing that album's lengthy quasi-improvisations with a series of short, lushly arranged folk-rock tunes, slotting Broughton's mannered vocals and wry wordplay into much fuller arrangements than those found on the sparse Complete Guide. There's an arch, aloof quality to Broughton's carefully enunciated intonations, and he takes clear delight in drawing out certain syllables, rolling his R's and stretching vowels into eccentric shapes. He clearly loves saying "fuck" so much that it comes out like "fook;" he savors the shapes of words until they're stretched out of joint. This quirky vocal style draws attention to the subtle cleverness of the lyrics, like the sprightly punning of "Ain't Got No Sole" or the tongue-twisting eloquence of these lines from "Staying True": "my body is so crap at staying true/ to my will and the way I'd like to be/ my father's fist is a brick in my heart." Broughton has refrained from simply repeating himself. With a bonafide masterpiece of droning minimalist folk under his belt he now turns his attention to wry pub pop, the obvious irony in his tone not disguising the equally obvious emotion underpinning his elliptical musings. [buy]
Oh, and surveilling shady characters.
Originally from the U.K. , Grant moved to the Oakland Bay Area to study art, earning a degree in Industrial Design from San Francisco State University.
Out to Play is I suppose quite typical of a play-care after school club. We pick the kids up from five schools either on foot or by minibus and take them to a multi-purpose centre annexed to the local church. Having come to this job after many years on adventure playgrounds, I sometimes struggle with the conditions the kids have for playing, and I have for playworking. My former adventure playground was at times less than ideal for the local children – though like a number of playwork professionals I doubt that ‘an ideal setting’ created by adults could ever actually exist. In comparison to my old addy, however, this space feels extremely reduced; a single-function room where the kids gather ’round ancient tables and must make do with what are in broad playwork terms very limited resources and affordances.
I omitted Social Security, which has its own funding. In the fiscal year to date, which is seven months, we have paid $241 billion in interest, which works out to $413 billion for the year.
- I don’t like birds. The beak, the feathers, the whole bird. I don’t like it. I don’t like when they fly too close to me, and fact that they might bump into a window and die so easily is kind of gross. Ok, this is kind of weird ha ha! but it’s the truth. Swans are the birds I like least, but I definitely don’t like sea gulls either.
Other DB'ers made savoury versions, too. Ham and cheese, pepperoni, and I can't remember what all else. I drooled a lot this month, watching other creations come to life on the DB forums! Have fun with this, and let me know how yours turns out!
The branches of the “copy” – of an actual grapevine – have little choice but to abide. They they have no consciousness or responsibility. But believers on the True Vine must abide in order to bear fruit. There is responsibility involved. “Abide” means to take up residence – to “remain.” Abiding is not intending to make a temporary home. People don’t normally go to a hotel or make an encampment with the intention of “abiding.”
Closing and ending our efforts of the previous cycle is the focus here, as well as moving toward setting our intentions during the coming New Moon, one week from now. When we close and complete, we open ourselves to what will be forthcoming on the next moon cycle, beginning in the deep void of the New and culminating with the Full.
Keep going over in my mind about yesterday’s first session with my new therapist. It was awkward. Mainly because of the language and bad communication. But he said he really wants to give it a go and hasn’t given up yet! He said that if I can’t express myself, then I can say it in English and hopefully he’ll understand. Wow, his English was really not good. He didn’t even understand me in English as much as I was speaking clearly and simply. I know (because I’ve met) with another psychologist and he speaks English. But I know that he isn’t a potentially good match for me like this one is even though communication is a problem. So I’ll give it a good go and hope that we’ll be able to communicate well enough.
Into some fateful quest
Even since my post early last week, I’ve started several that just fizzled out – I was unable to lift things out of the mundane.
I maybe should have
it drizzled the whole weekend and made for a cozy stitching day..and ME happily stitched my spring design..
We all had a good time and ate lots of good things. Watched the usual Santa movies and hummed a few Christmas tunes.
About: “You simply upload your video to Videolla and set price for it or insert ads into the video. Its simple and free. You will not need any coding skills. Just register, upload your videos and pick if you want to sell them or place ads.”
So is the answer for large unwieldy public sector organisations to clamp down on all social media activity? Should it be driven centrally with a core group of people responsible for tweets and responses?
Where does the name come from?
Shifting your focus from love to your purpose will save your time, money and energy. There’s nothing like investing years into something that doomed to fail. Time is of the essence. It’s something you cannot by back. Keep in mind this isn’t the move Justin Timberlake starred in called In Time.
As for James Baldwin, I think Fran Lebowitz’s exposure to him mimics my reaction to his book and his entire body of work which I have since read. She recounts seeing him for the first time, “I mean I didn’t know there was such a thing as intellectuals. I did not grow up among them so my idea of an intellectual was James Baldwin. I had never heard anyone talk like that in my life. I was completely mesmerized by him” (Public Speaking, 2011). My feelings exactly! Every time I pick up a pen or put ink to paper I think of Baldwin. He is so inspiring to me that on my last trip to New York I made multiple pilgrimages to places he talked about in interviews and books. He’s the reason I listen to jazz and the reason I like to talk about race and gender issues. He’s the mentor I’ve never met, who died before my time.
Do you still plunge into the brown river deep
My poor adrenal gland has been through so much so I decided to help her out and make some Adrenal Recovery soup. It was actually pretty good and I could see using it as a base and changing up the recipe, adding more stuff.
4 pm – 5:45 pm Highlands Walking Tour (including the McLuhan home), preregistration required
This is the closest to a wild, natural trail as you will find in Santa Barbara unless you head over the mountain into the backcountry. Most of the frontcountry trails are overrun with invasives like Cape Ivy and Rock-Rose. San Antonio Creek, on the other hand, while bordered by some private homes and gardens with the attendant exotics, has many large native trees like Sycamore and Bay interspersed with lush stands of Hummingbird Sage, Mugwort and Black Sage. This Herb Walk has a special coming-full-circle significance for me as this was the trail I walked with Juanita Centeno, the late Chumash plant expert, who was one of my early and primary teachers. By the way, the Santa Barbara News-Press is running a story with photos on Saturday.
The great thing about most of the Russian food I've ever cooked is that a lot of it is peasant food and is accordingly inexpensive to source and thus of interest due to its potential for good GP%.
The fun thing is, you can make pizzas now, but you can also save some crusts for later - they freeze incredibly well. Thaw before you use them.
Also. My inner domestic goddess is tall and thin and does yoga and pilates.
I don’t want to see you again
THEN turn then oven on to 350 and roast
I hope you find it useful or at least funny!
I remember the train used to barrel out of the 4th Avenue tunnel at speeds well over 55 mph. The F would pass the platform in less than 5 seconds. The local would look like a blur as we rocketed by it. Before you knew it you were passing Smith 9th street and going down the big curve. This is when I would be lucky enough to see the progress on the World Trade Center. Just a skeleton of a building getting higher every week. It was really history seeing that building go up on the way to High School every day. So sad what happened.
Carinin looked up. “Who led you to this discovery?”
Dr. Ahmad Al-Tayeb: These fatwas on women’s issues were not issued by Al-Azhar. There is not a single Al-Azhar scholar who claims that it is permissible for women to lead men in prayer. Al-Azhar has always taught that women cannot lead men in prayer, but there is nothing wrong with leading women in prayer. These things are meant to cause confusion, and to undermine social and religious stability in Islamic societies.
And if you ever need a AWESOME IT guy.. Stephen is the man!! stephen@wyldwebdesigns.com
We can, indeed, personally contribute to increasing our disasters or reducing their effects. Our choices are where our potential brilliance as a species lie. Each and every one of these choices are within our power and contribute to our individual and communal stability in uncertain times, regardless of the origin of them. Let’s all start getting a bit smarter in meeting our personal and collective concerns and in finding respectful relationships with each other in meeting our common causes.
I can trust a God like this! No matter what.
Check out this new site, I am sure it will be The Everygirls go-to source for inspiration and information. Like having a girlfriend in-the-know, you know, someone you can ask all the silly questions you kinda think you probably should know the answers to already, but don't...
"At times we're just going through the motions," he said, standing up as we sat down on the grass drinking tap water. "When we're defending throws, then yeah, I want you stood in front of whoever our centre-back is marking, but if the ball goes back to the thrower then you run, and I mean run your bollocks off to close him down."
BLOGGERS NOTE: ResearcherID.com is a web-based tool developed by Thomson Reuters which allows researchers to develop their own researcher profile. ResearcherID ties in with ISI, EndNoteWeb and cited references, if institutions subscribe to ISI Web of Science, may provide an alternate to local development of similar software or adopting an open source version. Community of Scholars is another subscription-based database that provides researcher profiles. See also Cornell’s VIVO at vivoweb.org. I also think that Faculty 1000 in Biology and other tools are allowing more researchers to develop and share personal profiles with publications. All told, there’s a perceived benefit in having more compete picture of our faculty research within our institutional repositories.
#1 What is your favorite drink of all time? Does it hold a special memory to you or is it just because it tastes good?
“I thought it would take me about six months. In fact it took me 4.5 years and I built 5,127 prototypes until I got it right. That sounds tedious. In fact it was absolutely fascinating. I mean each failure, the 5,126 failures taught me so much. Successes teach you nothing. Failures teach you everything. Making mistakes is the most important thing you can do.” – James Dyson
-can make you wish it had.
“We have worked with the sheriff’s department for weeks to identify weapons not related to any crime,” said Ysassi, who inherited the property room when he took office following the 2008 election. “So people can now come to our office and request them back.”
2:15 pm – 2:30 pm Break
New Order - The Perfect Kiss
Lily, of Bowers Gifford, said: "They are not cutting my daughter in half. I will sleep in the cemetery if I have to but they are not touching her grave."
An important detail. There was a time, a very long time ago now, when Brian was prone to these things. A period of atypical behaviour which was used most specifically by Chris Claremont, in maybe some 15 issues total, of his run in early Excalibur. For many of course (Because Captain Britain's adventures between 1976 and 1987 were not published in America until last year) it was their first encounter with Brian, and they took it as gospel that this was how the character usually behaved - as a pompous, boorish idiot, who made poor decisions, and didn't want to be a team player. This was never Chris Claremont's intention, of course. It was designed very much to highlight how Brian reacted to grief.
Oh, no. No, no, no. Is this woman an idiot??!! Jesus Christ, I thought. But, I said nothing. It’s rare someone has me speechless, but this time, this time, was one of those moments.
But LLC has a new party trick that draws attention by the masses, and it’s got nothing to do with her petite physique. It has to do with her knee walking.
EMAIL: olubolaadeleye@yahoo.com.
“Well that’s good,” I say, feeling sympathetic. I also wonder why it seems my boss is more worried about it than his words said. I begin to think maybe he fears it being passed down through his family. My brain working overtime with my mouth trying to catch up, I ask, “Is it genital?”
I remember just a few things.
As I drove to work in my usual hurried morning dash I watched in slow motion as an innocent little butterfly flew into my windscreen to its death… If that wasn’t bad enough it left its wing-prints there just to remind me of the sin I had just committed.
June 29 2010 Neuenschwander Ernst 83 – murdered 2001/ Panorama, Soetendal, Wellington, Western Cape updated information from daughter Marlene@vatclaims.com June 29 2010
With regard to the newly formed MAC or Muslims against crusades, is it not the case that this to serves the agenda, hatred is fostered between the two groups violence occurs and the general public believing that the ZDL/EDL work for the countries interest albeit upon the extreme edges will always support the flag, always even if it is covertly support those who raise the flag, one need only look to the now occurring world cup for evidence of my hypothesis. So at a stroke the EDL/ZDL and the MAC create tension ,aid the agenda and indeed amongst the Muslim community who undoubtedly feel under attack the support will be for the ummah, for those who fly the flags of Islam, it is as if we are all blind, all so very blind to the actions of the state and indeed those who really govern over us. As nationalists we simply cannot and must not support this agenda, certainly we must continue to push to end non-indigenous migration but we must not fall victim to propaganda, to the push for conflict, which can only lead to more of our beloved troops dying and indeed many of our precious people.
In case you're wondering, I have no photos of Swarovski crystals, not because they weren't present but because I couldn't get my camera to record the glitter. But I was glad to see they weren't in a huge quantities made infamous by some quilts of years past, such as a big winner at Paducah that had 130,000 crystals ON THE BACK. Perhaps this is a result of the still-troubled economy -- who can afford them in bulk?
One wonders if our Harvey lives in a cave, in a tree, on a deserted island? I’m happy to introduce myself, so that Harvey can meet an actual living North American homosexual in my native habitat. I would be able to laugh this off, save that she has a significant following with her organization of hate. I feel sorry for those that live in Columbus, Ohio and for the state in which I was born, for Mission America and John Bohener have permanently marred the state–that’s just a dirt that won’t come clean! Judging from her makeup and hair style, I will admit she probably does not know any gay folk because we would not allow her in public with that hair. Hmm, Michele Bachmann’s hair has been looking good lately, so I wonder who does her hair? Perhaps her husband, Marcus?
AND, AND AND AND, if I win, I'll never write a post about 40K. Everyone bar Loquacious on the ol' HoP does that, as do most of the blogs on the roll, and it's getting boring. I won't cheat and do Warmahordes either. Vote for me, and be guaranteed a shot of something different every week - might be WFB, a historical, a Specialist Game, an RPG, a board game, a book review, something that isn't 40K. A vote for Von is a vote for diversity - and that's not something this straight white able-bodied British bloke ever thought he'd be able to say with a straight face.
Rainbow wakes of flame.
her computer. She powered up, logged on, and sent three separate messages.
Types of ETFs
Having a bad temper.I must admit I do have a bit of a short fuse sometimes, but it’s only because I’ve been wronged. Like when animals come on my own TV. They don’t belong there, it’s my TV and they must be put in their place. The same with my walks. Why do other dogs feel a need to intrude upon my walks. I love my walks and I only like to share them with my buddy Bear.
Alex Désert … Skelly
And if you would like to add a link to the party you can grab this button below.
Chem-Farmer – Thee Oh Sees
It is nice to see that the presence of the Queen's head on British postage stamps has been assured ahead of postal privatisation.
Grammar: A wise old owl once told me to start grammar in third grade. Honestly, there's enough going on in the earlier years with learning just the basics of reading and writing. Oh sure, I probably doled out little grammar bits here and there, but nothing substantial. I use the Daily Grams and Easy Grammar workbooks, which I've found to be quick and easy for my kids to do on their own. They're also effective--there is that. For learning parts of speech, I pull out our Mad Libs books. How else would we learn that "fart" can be both a noun and a verb?
2 tbsp garlic finely chopped
Click the link below to download--
Lo, where the trees, deeper green, yellower and redder,
And so, I would like to thank Irina for having given me this great opportunity to create on such a wonderful design team and I wish all the DT nothing but the best as they are a wonderful group of ladies with outstanding talent. Thanks again-God Bless! xox Trish :)
This experience has been a profound one.
One year, whilst digging around behind the shower doors, what did I find but a complete set of ‘uppers”. Did someone seriously fail to notice that their dental appliance had sprung forth from their mouth and clattered onto the concrete floor? And if they had noticed, why did they not fetch them at once and return them to their rightful place? Why the heck would leave your teeth in the shower doors…by some miracle did they abruptly grow a whole new set of teeth and the uppers were no longer a necessity? Did some would be consumer decide to test the quality of the metal on the door frame by biting it, only to be snatched up and eaten in retaliation by the shower door, which in turn regurgitated the indigestible teeth?
It starts this Wednesday (tomorrow) and I'm both excited and nervous about it. When I have thought about Lent in the past, the one thing that has always stood out to me is what people give up. I never understood why people would give something up.
It is good to be back.
If I've left anyone out or there are errors, please drop me a line and I'll fix it right up.
So last night I came across Radiolab:
And also, the winning site will be the topic of the special video documentary that will be posted on Leejaedi’s Official YouTube entitled “____________ IS THE BEST BIG BANG FANSITE 2009″ by the end of January.**
2 tablespoons of brown sugar
Embraced By God
This fortnights challenge is Show us your favorite Technique, well I don't know about you, but I like to try different techniques, so for this challenge I went for Distressing. I have used this lovely image from our sponsor, it is called Time for tea, I coloured it with promarkers then distressed with chalks, the papers are Prima almanac I disstressed all the edges to give it a vintage feel, cut out two of the butterflies to add the the image,
Choco Abundance 2:15:571
The Day Rapid Fat Loss Plan has and makes it completely unlike another extra fat burning nutrition anticipate the planet earth.Starving is not an option either.Hydrostatic or Underwater Weighing – very accurate and the best method if you happen to have a large budget and access to a handy hydrostatic weighing tank which sadly aren’t found on every street corner.This is a well-known technique to tone and strengthen the bottom, but it would also give your thighs a great workout.* Hip measurements are required for women only at the widest point.
From my birth, when I emerged so ill that I nearly died and needed an incubator, I have been a sickly child. Nothing in my body has ever quite worked properly, so much so that, to spare any dire errors if incapacitated, I have a full page of typed medical conditions and allergies wrapped around my health card. For me, an immune system that works has been as elusive and mythical as a unicorn – although I sometimes believe the unicorn more likely to turn up in my apartment than good health.
1/2 cup plus 2 Tbsp sugar
CM Punk emerging in Chicago is always the best. It is something that encapsulates what I love about pro wrestling: well, love. Part of me feels like the Ryback squash didn’t do enough to recharge the crowd from the awesome World Title match, but this reaction was at least it’s equal, and so was the match. The match itself – apart from the unfortunate formality of the Championship introductions – didn’t waste any time in then getting going, straight in to a ‘Pier 6′ brawl and the early introduction of kendo sticks and some sick kendo shots (seriously, look at the welts on Jericho’s back, if you can!). An impassioned Punk was dominating, so it made sense when the cowardly Jericho went to the referee for salvation before the veteran Jericho used the position to give Punk a thumb to the eye followed by a nice dropkick. There then followed some very unscientific but compelling brawling at ringside, punctuated by Jericho exposing the steel of the barricade in front of Punk’s sister and slamming Punk’s head in to it, before eyeing up Punk’s sister, being slapped by her, and looking to go after her. This was an important point in the match, not only in storyline with Punk’s sister’s involvement, but because the heinousness of Jericho’s implied intentions brought Punk’s urgency, and that of the match, up a further gear. Not only that, but this was pretty much her only involvement in the match aside from visual reminder of the personal nature of the feud. Best use of family in wrestling since, well, CM Punk and Rey Mysterio. Forcing himself to recover, Punk leapt on Jericho just in time to stop him before going nuts at ringside and tearing up the announce tables in foreshadowing of carnage. Until this point, i’ve always though attacks with announce table hoods are weak and shouldn’t be done, but in this match, it really worked, when Punk slammed Jericho through one that was propped up against the announce table, before Jericho would later hit Punk with a tough blow with the broken half of the hood. Punk went on to tease a stomach-churning piledriver on the concrete, but Jericho managed to reverse in to a back body drop before taking the initiative with a shot to the spine of Punk with a monitor. This really was a nonstop, drag-out, brutal brawl, and it was unsurprising that they changed pace a little following it, returning to the ring for Jericho to dominate some. In fact, Jericho got such a hand over Punk that he was able to leave the ring to get a beer to pour on Punk before getting another for himself. The second was too far though, and showed the exact arrogance of a guy who thinks he’s the best in the world despite losing to the best a month prior – it allowed Punk t come back with some sweet, stiff kicks which led to multiple beer spits from Jericho. This was closely followed by more harsh kendo shots, including a brilliantly timed and executed kendo-assisted heel kick from Punk. This was the next step up in gears as the action quickened and we moved towards signature and finisher territory with Punk shouldering Jericho for a GTS which was reversed in to a Liontamer/Walls of Jericho attempt which was really convincing and made Punk look great and resilient to escape from. Shortly after came another, even better progression which could only be pulled off by two of the best, with perfect timing. Again attempting a GTS, Jericho escaped and hit a bulldog; looking for a Lionsault, Punk recovered, and caught Jericho exactly as he hit the ropes, and with Jericho caught on the ropes, Punk grappled him back to his shoulders for another GTS attempt, which Jericho again escaped before sending Punk into a wedged chair in the corner. This section in the ring really started to combine well the brutality of earlier with the drama of great wrestling and near-falls, and this only got more tense after Jericho hit a surprise Codebreaker from nowhere and then locked Punk in another Walls of Jericho, with Punk looking ever more likely to tap before eventually, again, making the ropes. With Jericho exploiting the Street Fight rules, Punk was forced to take what was at hand to escape, and what he used was the fire extinguisher which he first sprayed Jericho with before brutalising him with it. Punk followed Jericho on his escape, with the extinguisher, to the outside, a final shot laying Jericho out on the Spanish Announce Table. It was obvious what was coming, but that anticipation in pro wrestling, like with a lot of great spectacles, only makes the event sweeter, and so (despite the exhausted Punk barely being able to stay on the turnbuckle) when Punk finally flew through the air to connect with a Macho Man elbow through the table with Jericho, the crowd went mad and were simultaneously even more amazed by what they saw, especially given the table crashing looked even more devastating than usual. Punk then – after recovering himself- pushed Jericho in the ring and went for a count. This signified the beginning of the end. Punk only got a good near fall, but obviously unsatisfied, he went straight for an Anaconda Vice. Now I don’t know if this was intentional, but this section mirrored HHH in Undertaker’s Hell’s Gate from both WrestleManias 27 and 28 in that it involved the victim reaching out for, and then dropping a nearby weapon; the only difference here being that Jericho managed to keep a hold of the weapon and used it to bash Punk over the head to escape. Following this came the best near-fall of the night, and a really inventive one. Punk tried to keep control of the match, reaching for a chair he had tossed in to the ring ages earlier; driving it in to Jericho’s gut, Jericho grabbed the chair in that position, and used it for an amazingly smooth, chair assisted Codebreaker. I was convinced of a Jericho win, nut no! Punk survived! A frustrated Jericho, ever the meglomaniac, then picked up and shouldered Punk as if looking to beat him with his own move, only this time, Punk escaped, slingshotted Jericho in to the exposed turnbuckle before finally (after setting it up for the whole match, several times) hitting his GTS for a great, Match of the Year worthy, win! It was the best finish of the night by far in its inventiveness and unpredictability, and let Punk add another great defense to his ever-swelling reign. It was a totally different match to their masterpiece at WrestleMania, and just goes to show the breadth of their capabilities. I loved the carnage left behind them after the match: weapons, broken wood, a stripped and a destroyed announce table, and two spend warriors. This was another war. The only problem is, it’s going to get hard to justify the continuance of this great feud. Jericho was ‘given’ another shot after WrestleMania, but it perhaps needs too much grace for him to get another one, especially given Punk has now beaten by pin and submission. I hope they do get ‘one more match’, but if it does, it will need a significant progression from the alcoholism angle, most righteously involving Jericho ‘needing’ to beat Punk. If not then both men will need new opponents. For Jericho, it’s wide open, but I would figure he’d move on to a young up-and-coming face (and there aint too many of them! – Kofi Kingston, again?). As for Punk, I figure there could surely be only one man in line for a title shot, and i’ll speak on that later in the report.
Bang –Questions –French pic sleeve
so scared that dan actually left work to come with us to the vet.
The events are actually kind of fun, although I believe it won’t last for long. Remember how last year we got all excited about the new book event concept? That concept just pissed me off later on because Nexon overused it. I fear they’ll do the same for this event, which is a board game!
Short stories are the next level up from flash fiction. I’m going to talk about short stories in detail later on. I’m still not prepared for that post, which is why this one’s here. (And this one is late, I know. I haven’t had a second of spare time in weeks.) But please, if you love reading, read short stories. It’s something I have to make myself do. I like books. I sometimes forget short stories exist, and that they can be just as powerful. But I can’t forget that. Like flash fiction, it’s another lesson in brevity. Can you write a full story that draws readers in, provokes an emotional response, and carries readers on an imaginative journey given only a few thousand words?
Those who did the bullying should be held accountable.
The plaintiff, petitioner, applicant or principal party seeking relief in the complaint, petition, application or other initiatory pleadings shall certify under oath in such original pleadings, or in a sworn certification annexed thereto and simultaneously filed therewith, to the truth of the following facts and undertakings: (a) he has not heretofore commenced any other action or proceeding involving the same issues in the Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals, or any other tribunal or agency; (b) to the best of his knowledge, no such action or proceeding is pending in the Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals, or any other tribunal or agency; (c) if there is any such action or proceeding which is either pending or may have been terminated, he must state the status thereof; and, (d) if he should thereafter learn that a similar action or proceeding has been filed or is pending before the Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals or any other tribunal or agency, he undertakes to report that fact within five (5) days therefrom to the court or agency wherein the original pleading and sworn certification contemplated herein have been filed.
Maybe if Brad and Angelina ask me, I might reconsider, but I doubt it. I'm not really making a judgment on people who think this is a fine arrangement. Maybe for them it is. I'm just a selfish bitch and I don't like to share.
"What's it called," Lilly asked.
...even in 1903. And, the humor and wit is hard to find, the best of the lot seems to be a complicated story Abraham Lincoln told a some office seekers about a Chinese emperor hiring a donkey as an advisor.
I grabbed a few of my diapers to compare and found that the Bumgenius 4.0 unsnapped is a smidge bigger than the Best Bottom unsnapped, by about an inch. The BG 4.0 and FB medium are about the same size when stretched, but the FB is actually a smidge bigger when folded. The Thirsties size 2 is very similar to the Bumgenius.
250g unsalted butter, cut into cubes
I would have to think about who to hand this book to. Definitely not someone looking for a clear-cut story, but rather a reader that likes to think and linger in the pages of their books. It's a great book for discussion, as my book club found out...we chatted for quite awhile about how quirky it was.
This past weekend I spent in Sonoma, California. My cousin Trish was married! It was a beautiful ceremony and out-of-this-world delightful reception!
Nonetheless, all four players appear, on the evidence of their first seasons at the club, well equipped for a positive future in the game and, hopefully, at least one of them will proceed to become an important player for Arsenal in the future.
In the end here, respect for story as well as value is pressured ever-downward. If the writer doesn’t have respect for the product, how is the reader suppose to? Now, I’m not saying all writers are like this at all. There are plenty of great writers out there, but there is a growing population of writers out there who don’t or perhaps more difficult to deal with, the writers who aren’t experienced or knowledgeable enough to even understand how they’re feeding into this cycle. My point of all of this rambling is essentially this: have respect for your work writers and also respect for the reading experience; if you don’t believe you need/have to put out the best possible product possible, readers won’t expect it either, and they won’t value what we do as writers.
I'm shaping up my calves
Always the optimist, Robin is a firm believer that grey hair is merely God’s graffiti!
You do not have to be 120 pound 5 foot 9 blonde to be beautiful. Take for instance, British TV. Have you watched it lately? My husband is from Wales and we lived there for a while. I was shocked at how plain and ordinary people looked on their programs. Ridiculous right? But in the USA we plaster it on for the camera. Who set the norm and why did we let them without putting up a fight!
I then chopped the onion, green pepper, and eventually the cilantro. (I bought cilantro for dinner the other night. I inevitably always have WAY too much cilantro and it goes to waste. I thought this was the perfect way to use some more of it up.)
Undoubtedly, more information will emerge about this from Fulford, as of Monday morning, if it did indeed happen.
So the parents receive this letter and straight away they know that their child's learning is about to be judged by someone who probably knows nothing about education other than at school. This person might (or might not) have read something about autonomous learning but even so, the sight of a child not reading, writing, or doing maths and without a pile of 'work' to show, will probably look to them like a child who is not in receipt of a suitable education. The child will have been learning intently all of his life, but how do the parents prove it?
“It’s nothing like mine!” he’ll say. “Look at it!”
I faithfully loved you and cared for you living, I think we shall
Boetti considered the women embroiderers as co-authors of these works, even though he never met them, as Islamic mores forbade contact. He outlined the countries and flags on canvas with Magic Marker, then handed them over to male clan leaders who passed them on to the women and girls who would have learnt their craft from an early age. I laid out photographs of the women at work on the maps, on the bench in the centre. They were photographed by Randi Malkin Steinberger, who was allowed one day to
Priced at around $20 for a small and rather thin board, it was not cheap. The sales woman said everyone was talking about the great quality of the material. Here is what the manufacturer writes about their product:
Let’s get to last night – each dancer had two dances, one being the infamous ‘ Freestyle’ that can win or lose the competition, and one was ‘judges choice’.
We drive along the sand track which in places marks the end of the fire. Black as pitch the soot covers the charred view. Elephants have left big round impressions of footprints, where they have crossed out of the fire zone and into the bright blonde grasses again. Here and there a fallen tree continues to burn. At night the coals still glow red but during the day they hide in snow white ash. Trees that burnt where they fell, have left a ghostly impression in ash on the ground. We are driving past funeral pyres for trees - there is an armageddon feel as if we have stumbled onto the battlefield after a ghastly war. The stump of an ancient leadwood tree shines dazzling white against the black. Cascading pure white ash it is a tower of smouldering coals around the baked ceramic core of the termitaria which once shared its niche. Soon all trace of its existence will be blown away in the wind.
- Ane Brun
And where, why, who has left this paperdoll upon my door?
“You sound it,” She waved him back to a walk. “We need to keep moving, I’m sorry if you’re upset, but we really can’t just stand around here. I don’t want to be on this path when night falls.”
We knocked over exactly zero displays.
Many of you are feeling the Shifts so much that you are in awe; you are feeling a sense of anticipation and wonder. You are starting to forget what you have been experiencing for so many eons, and starting to remember your True Selves, your God Selves, your Divinity. It is a wonderful spectacle to behold, dear friends.
soon enough will be deceived,
What if I didn’t need a better prayer life, but could just say things—unfiltered, uncensored—and God would hang on every word, like a father holding his little child? What if I didn’t need to be perfect, but was already perfect because He refuses to see me any other way? What if I didn’t need to get close to God, because Jesus has already brought me oh so close through His cross?—so close that I’m actually inside of God and He, inside of me. What if Jesus doesn’t care if I’m 99% or 63% surrendered to Him at any given moment, but what if He surrendered to me, surrendered to the weight of my sin and the destruction I’ve caused at the foot of a wooden cross so many long years ago? What if He was the one who was selfless, who was patient and perfect and full of glory and fire for God? And what if, He did it all for me? To count those beautiful realities true of me even though they technically aren’t. Not to manipulate me into doing Christian things that will further His ‘cause’, but for me. For you. For every person who was ever born.
For my pink and girlie baby card I used the House Mouse stamp titled "Baby Shoes". I colored with copic markers and used foam tape to raise the image. For more dimension and texture I used my Cuttlebug swiss dots embossing folder and some lovely pink flowers.
The rest of the flower bed looks promising too, with tulips and daffodils about to bloom, irises, bachelor's buttons, lady slippers, peonies, and something unknown sprouting, and my favourite surprise of all, my lavender is growing! I am beyond thrilled about that. Lavender doesn't really overwinter here, but we had such a mild winter, that I had my fingers crossed.
Craft Obsessions Prize Goes To 60 - Jac
As much as I have raved about some of the tracks featured so far, I don’t love any of them as much as I love the next five tracks I am going to feature here. The next five tracks I am going to discuss are my five favorites of the month. Just for an added element of fun, I decided to do them in ascending order, all leading up to my very favorite single of the month. So, let’s get on with those.
How can I go without saying to my wife that she is really beautiful and most caring wife in this world..??
so although I am not a great photographer I will put some up
8.) The Silver Chair (UK, 1990)
Don't you just love it when progressives try to convince you that Obama has been a successful president? Much of the time, they back up their claims with some half-baked numbers pulled out of their backsides. The numbers below are all sourced and represent what Barack Obama has done to the economy since he took office.
Here's a picture of the fabric from when we were choosing the paint color for the room.
One of the interesting things that Josh and I discussed on Saturday night whilst drinking this beer, was the concept of the bomber size bottles (16, 18, or 22oz) and 12oz bottles. Sure, we mused, one could drink three beers in a single setting, but sometimes one would suffice. Or maybe, three different beers. Anyway, the point was that the larger bottles are not like wine after opened and really need to be drank in one sitting. So, the moral of the story was if you buy big bottles of beer, be prepared to drink it all or plan on sharing with an appreciative friend. If you're the one buying, your friend will be even more appreciative.
sabin's class has a class stuffed white tiger named Leo. they've had him since "nulte," which is what kindergarten is called in denmark. he goes home with one or another child every weekend and there is a whole book written of all that leo has done over the past three years. sabin got the privilege of taking him home for the summer and since we'll have to write in his book, we took him along to dublin last week (we should have taken Early too, but that's another story, i'm afraid we didn't. us bad.). but i thought we'd share some of the adventures leo got up to anyway.
And David? Well, what do you think? Reader, I married him.
Yet we when we tune in deeply to our hearts, we are excited and feel like we are finally about to arrive. There is an excitement in the air that we have been missing for some time, and it feels good.
I'd like to introduce you to one of my heros. Any of you who have written me letters saying things like "You are SO creative. I don't know how you do it all!" - you will be relieved or horrified to know that Jennifer Carson, The Dragon Charmer, does even MORE!!
You do bring
Poor Charlie. He's 12 years old, which is getting pretty elderly for a big dog. He's had some aches and pains, but mostly, he's still amazingly spry. Until this morning. I seriously thought we would be having yet another dog funeral.
"We have endured a long night of the American spirit. But as our eyes catch the dimness of the first rays of dawn, let us not curse the remaining dark. Let us gather the light."
Some responses from netizens on PM Lee’s Facebook:
Guinea pig still not so good, managed to bandage his leg so hopefully he won’t be able to scratch tonight and wake us up.
as we were waiting in the reception area before the biopsy, we read y'all's comments/words of support. the MITM looked at me and said, these are our people, babe! and y'all are and we are most grateful and thankful!
God Bless America!!!!!
Published 2012
They begun their Vlogging as a more personal way of keeping in touch as they live a fair distance away from each other. This developed into the popular Vlogs that thousands of Youtube fans enjoy to this day.
I think my hubby is trying to off me in some kind of spectacularly weird way that will in no way implicate him.
I bought a couple of weeks ago. Here's
Computer skills – Excel, Word, PowerPoint & Access
This batch had a 1:1 ratio of apples to sweet potatoes by volume because I had quite a few apples past their eating prime, making this soup the ideal hiding place.
Onions 1/2 cup finely chopped
The full MV is expected to be released in no time!
Thankfully she wasn't home when it happened.
Here’s a brief summary of Staimler’s six use cases plus the advantages and disadvantages of each (see the full 2-part article for more in-depth information, registration needed):
I was struggling to keep my youngest in the preschool church program because of his behavior. He was adopted. His birth mother, bless her heart, was a drug addict. He has multiple diagnosis, including high functioning Autism. He looks, and for the most part acts, like a normal 5 year old boy. He is the most stressful little person I have ever known. Through each new sleepless night and fits of rage there shines a rainbow of radiant light though.
In Solidarity you start with a $75, three-month loan and go up from there. The loan officer records all the transactions by hand in a notebook. Every year all loan officer’s ledgers are audited by an outside auditor.
We wanted to get something special for little Carter's dedication
worked seven days straight
Studies of folic acid deficiency caused by cancer chemotherapy indicate that some patients are at greater risk than others due to genetic variations in metabolism of the B vitamins. Further research is needed to determine the role of these genetic factors in vitamin deficiency states.
“One step, one breath, one smile at a time…” -RF
As they played, Chris was paying more attention to the new pictures on the wall instead of the table. There were autographed shots of some famous players in Philadelphia Eagles history including Chuck Bednarik, Bill Bergey, Ron Jaworski, and Harold Carmichael, as well as a few Philadelphia Flyers such as Bobby Clarke, Bernie Parent, and Hank’s favorite, Ken Linesman, who was there not because of his ability but for his nickname: “The Rat.” Hank had a very successful high school football career but never had the coordination for hockey. Regardless, a Flyers game was a great way to get out of the house, take clients for drinks, and afterwards land at one of several strip clubs in the Philly/South Jersey area, like “Cheerleaders,” the one where he met Mandy back when he was still with his first wife.
suddenly we decided to commit to each other & the feeling - LOVE doesn't required any reason ~
Given her genes, we won’t be surprised if one fine day, Sara finally decides to face the camera and experience the feeling of being an actress, a celebrity!
And now that that majorly important information is out of the way, let's move on. : ) My sweet blog friend, Jess, thought of a cute little questions game for all the lovebirds and we decided to make a link up out of it. We are calling it "The Newlywed Game" (based off the old game show), but anybody can play along...married, dating, whatever.
"Paint what you see, Johann; not what you think you see".
For of all the great settlers known, Time is the best
How lovely to think of my kitchen full of long braids of red onions hanging in the corners. I cannot wait to have the storehouse that is our ex-garage, full of winter squash, potatoes, onions, apples and our chest freezer full of tiny sweet peas. There is nothing like a full storehouse of food and a full shed of firewood to give you a feeling of security, especially when petrol is now £1.40 per litre. To give my American readers an idea of what that would cost from their generous gallon guzzling pumps; picture paying $10.15 per gallon! We are trading our larger car for a small used diesel compact and converting it to using biodiesel at only £1.06 per litre about $7.63 per gallon. It will also get much better mpg from this small car gaining us about 20mpg on the old one. Just in case we are keeping the other older car which uses regular petrol. Need to cover our bases as used cooking oil is getting to be impossible to find.
I'm extremely proud of all of them!!
Good morning Gossips, it’s me GG. Spotted: Gem at Sterling McCall Lexus, making BFFs with the cappuccino machine. He had two cups of French vanilla cappuccino and had a croissant, his favorites. Lucky for him he didn’t spill coffee on his cream skinny jeans or leather gladiator sandals.
I saw my break coming & made a rush to get out! Once I got out, I noticed the sun was about to be swallowed by a second cloud!
And also...
This is an absolutely standard Ashford wheel, which means that spare bobbins should be easy to come by.
Whenever I find myself
"CONTROL was conceived as a secret American spy agency focused solely on defeating KAOS, an international organization committed to doing everything they can to create, well, chaos," offers Ewing. "The two are eternally opposing forces that, in the larger sense, represent good and evil." And, in the "Get Smart" sense, represent myriad opportunities for comedy.
And while everyone agrees that Cas is doing an excellent job of banishing ghosts, it’s something that’s left him friendless and fatherless. But all of this is about to change in Thunder Bay. Cas is about to find an unlikely group of friends including a Prom Queen and a geeky wizard. He’ll witness terrifying ghosts, at least one murder, and the very being that killed his father. And not everyone will make it out alive…
A lot happened in the last few months of 2011. There were weddings, vacations, hockey games, new friends, parties, etc. All things that are blog worthy. But, there's no point in looking back I guess. We've entered a new year with new things happening. There are a number of significant changes coming in 2012 and I'm excited. And nervous. And excited. But that's what change is supposed to be, right?
What are the possibilities of a democratic Xinjiang within an authoritarian China? Is it plausible?
Did I reorganize the downstairs closet- nope
11AM SCOTT DAIGRE TOMATOMANIA!
The sentiments expressed are almost all remarkably similar. And they paint a picture of withdrawal from society, and retreat into a private world. People have fallen back on their families, and a narrow circle of friends.
Haha…sure. When I was writing my first YA novel, I sent a few scenes to an old friend to alpha read for me. She called me and said, “Your character Derek reminds me a lot of XXX from high school.” And you know what? She was correct. I’d subconsciously written about that guy from high school who I always thought was
1/2 c. brown sugar
The little cafe au lait bowl was an Etsy find that arrived from France this week. It is OLD and soooooo pretty with its little purple flowers. It looks great on the French booklet I found at an antique mall.
Combine crumbs and butter until thoroughly mixed. Reserve 1/3 cup for garnish and press the remaining crumbs into 6 individual pie dishes or one 9 inch pie dish. Place pie dish(es) on a rimmed cookie sheet. Put the reserved crumbs in an extra dish baking dish and bake along side the pie crust. Bake in a 350 degree oven for 7-10 minutes to set crust and toast remaining crumbs.
Round an island there below,
Next up I got to get into some OLD School Gaming with an old friend of mine who came into town for the Con and one of the players was an old buddy I used to game with but haven't been able to in a long time, due to work and such.
By that time, news had started to come in about the 8.2-magnitude earthquake in Indonesia. What I had experienced was a tremor from the major earthquake. My husband – who had felt the quake along with his colleagues – and my parents from Ahmedabad – who had seen the news on TV – called to enquire if I was alright, and soon, cossetted in the comforting warmth of family, the panic of a few minutes before was gone. The panic had been replaced by something else, though – a pang in the heart at memories of the Gujarat earthquake on January 26, 2001.
For the title, I cut out the word VIEW with my Cricut machine & then added some of the little letters from the Simple Stories Destinations Kit. I also added a big flourish sticker to the top of the photos which is also from the kit. Then I took the ticket border sticker and trimmed them apart & popped up every other sticker for a little bit of texture.
I’m sure some of you have wondered how I got into western writing. I grew up watching Gunsmoke, Paladin, Bonanza, etc. My dad loved westerns. Top this with the fact I enjoy reading about history. I didn’t mind having to read the history textbooks in school, in fact I may have been the only kid that read the whole books. Now that math
The EPO has a highly developed practice and case law in biotech. It is a sophisticated patent office that is capable of properly assessing the patentability of biotech inventions, having Examiners who can understand complex biotech inventions and who take a consistent approach to patentability. Whilst there have been suggestions that the EPO grants too many biotech patents with broad claims, in our experience we find that EPO Examiners normally do find a fair balance between the rights of the applicant and the rights of third parties.
That's why we asked him and Liz to help us move.
Universal AER side pull brakes and levers.
What did Jesus say about this notion that if you prosper it means God is blessing you for your holiness?
“Ultimately the goal would be for [tuition] to not go as high for students,” said Kurt Weiss, the public information officer for the Michigan Department of Technology, Management and Budget. This will come as a welcome relief to college students. According to the College Board, an association committed to helping students succeed in higher education, the average cost of public university tuition in the U.S. is $8,244 a year, up 8.3 percent from last year.
03. Nella Serra (02:14)
“Not even by accident?”
GIVES BEST WRITING FEATURES
a correct answer to my question from yesterday is - I am official designer since 2009, thus celebrating the third anniversary, yay.
So why should we deal with our anger and woundedness?
Chili sauce, 2 table spoons (optional)
God had a plan for the world in which was proclaimed in John 3:16: “This is how much God loved the world: He gave his Son, his one and only Son…so that no one need be destroyed …anyone can have a whole and lasting life.” Jesus knew he needed to develop a plan to carry out his father’s plan.
now the kitchen tap drips its steady beat, a tree’s
Use the code CHRISTMAS at checkout and receive FREE shipping!
Given that Pabst is a purely market-driven phenomenon (don't believe me?--do a blind tasting and see if you can distinguish it from other national macropilsners), packaging a beer to appeal to the highbrow-averse was a stroke of brilliance. Stubbies died out when the last of the regionals were snapped up, and now the only odd-sized bottles are in collections. Session has the distinction of being totally retro and ultramodern simultaneously.
The coffee maker died. This is the new one. I loved the old one, it was a thermos so the coffee stayed hot and never burned. The on/off switch finally bit the dust. It lasted a long time though. I'm pretty sure it predates the blog....OMG I missed my six year bloggiversary! That was May 19th. Crap, oh well happy belated bloggiversary to me. Anyway, we won that last coffee maker on a scratch off lottery ticket. That was another reason I loved it. So the other evening I said to Serge, "I'll walk the dog for you if you run over and get a new coffee maker. Try to get an insulated carafe kind again. " Then I handed him $40 thinking that would cover it and if he wanted to get fancy, he could chip in. Well what he came home with was what you see above. I can't get him to reveal how much it cost though I did drag out of him that it was over $200. The only thing you have to do is put water in, and empty the grounds basket. It's got a coffee bean grinder inside and the insulated carafe. Ooh and you can pour while it's brewing and it won't dribble out while you do that. We almost had an altercation over the price but Serge insisted it was the ONLY one available that had the thermos type carafe. The only bad thing is that it sure is dang loud when it grinds up those beans. I don't even need my alarm clock now.
8. Once in a night
Rnd 2: K to bound-off sts, cast on 15 sts, mark 8th cast-on st for center st, k to end of rnd – 81 sts.
10200 Quil Ceda Boulevard
Our narrator is Clay, who along with much of the cast of Less Than Zero, has survived the last 25 years of increasingly dangerous blandness. Clay is now a writer, with “a very successful shark movie” and a “series about witches that ran for two seasons on Showtime” under his belt. Now he has written a movie, The Listeners, which is in the process of being cast. (“It’s just another movie,” Clay says to his old friend Julian, who objects: “Maybe for others it’s something else. Something more meaningful.” “I get where you’re coming from,” says Clay, “but there’s a vampire in it.”) Clay takes advantage of his connection with the movie to satisfy his appetites for beautiful actors and actresses who want to be cast in it.
For you who are familiar with K-Pop will definitely knows this boy band. Or probably you are a fan of MBLAQ, you have to know everything about this boy band for sure. MBLAQ consists of 5 members, they are Seungho, G.O, Lee Jun, Thunder, and Mir. As long as I know, they are very popular in Korea. I can’t say anything more about MBLAQ because I don’t know them so well, I’m afraid that I will be mistaken and make A+ (a name given for MBLAQ’s fandom) going mad at me. But, all I know is each member of MBLAQ can be good father in the future.
The truth is that it is by accepting our sending that we find life in all its fullness. Accepting it without complaining, accepting it without grumbling, accepting it as God’s grace to us. Too often we moan that there are too few of us, or two few doing all the jobs, or complaining that people don’t see things the same way as we do. In these circumstances, if our church life feels like a burden then perhaps we haven’t determined our sending. Once we have stopped running away, stopped fearing that we will be taken, blessed, broken and given to others, then we wonder why we ran in the first place.
tercepted
I want more of the satisfaction of finishing a project rather than the quick thrill of starting new ones. I want my thoughts to be clearer. I want to feel more organised. I would like to be able give my full attention to whatever it is I'm doing - which I know is not always possible, but I have this creeping feeling that there's a fine line between multi-tasking and information overload.
In other election news, Newt's minions have run the worst campaign I've seen in 20 years of closely following Florida elections. Topped by Robo-Calls to Senior Citizens ranting about a George Soros quote taken out-of-context. One in which Doctor Evil is heard saying "There won't be much of a difference between Romney and Obama" to an audience of euro-trash. It's dumb because Seniors:
ME: (mind racing crazily....she couldn't possibly have said what I think she said) "Uh...."
I have done funerals like this in various parts of the country. It was especially important, however, that this funeral took place at Mother Angelica’s Shrine. I remember when she first told me, years ago, that at the heart of her vision for that Shrine was the unborn child. This was to be a place dedicated to the Divine Child, and a place where children in the womb – so easily forgotten and discarded in this culture of death – would be remembered and celebrated.
Well, that’s it for me.
Urban autumn scents the air with fumes of endless cups of pumpkin lattes, spiced candles and steers the mundane conversations to connivance about eerie dresses and Halloween parties that mandate them. Sidewalks have yellow blanket of dried leaves, which makes walking an adventure in itself. The houses are adorned with artistically carved pumpkin lanterns to ward off the darkness. Farmer markets boast the crispest of apples and there is no better season to drink the warm, creamy soups. Life is simply festive.
It’s been a day of successes, small and large. On the small but important hand, I filed my taxes. So early! How Mature! On a larger scale, my review at work was a roaring success. Fantastic. Grandly, I applied for a job I’d actually like to take but that was far far away and took a lot of courage.
My review of the first reading of Still Life can be found here (Feb 2009). I remember liking the book and being impressed with Penny's style of writing and I enjoyed the characters, hoping we would meet them again in future books. And we did get to chum with them in the sequels. Penny unwraps parts of each character and lets us slowly get acquainted with them as we might a new friend. In this reread I was reminded of earlier descriptions of the characters and to see them in light of what I knew about them from later writings. My word, they are such multi-faceted, complex, flawed, and yet lovable people. The following quote illustrates how well Penny brings her characters to life, as well as her understanding of human nature and her gift for expressing it in writing.
Yeah, I know--there probably ARE some lucky bloggers out there whose lives look more like the "Myth" side of that cartoon. And I'll admit the number of wildly inappropriate unsolicited review copies has declined greatly in number over the years (nor have I ever received a book on geriatric cyberdating). But really, MY office looks more like the one on the right.
Some lessons in life that are harder to learn than others. Taking a step back and seeing the truth about yourself and your choices is not an easy thing to do. It's hard to admit that there are things you are responsible for that continue to affect your relationships. It's hard to admit that we create some circumstances in our lives that we may not like. It's hard to let go of control and just accept that...
Divorce offered salvation to “the battered wife or abandoned husband, for the wife whose children starved because her “breadwinner” husband owed his wages to the tavern keeper or the card shark, and for the husband whose wife flaunted lovers and neglected the children.”
Jesse: "Catnip because I'm irresistable :)"
1. The MRC PACE Trial used the Oxford criteria which do not define patients with ME/CFS. If used correctly, they exclude people with neurological disorders yet ME is a classified neurological disorder (WHO ICD-10 G93.3). The Trial’s “operationalised Oxford research diagnostic criteria for CFS” (Trial Protocol version 5, 2006, Section 7.2) were partly financed by the Chief Principal Investigator’s (Professor Peter White) own money (JRSM 1991:84:118-121). Professor White’s American peers have pointed out that the UK estimates (that are based on the Oxford criteria) are likely to include a high percentage of patients with psychiatric morbidity (“It is at least possible that the 2.54% to 2.6% rates in both the United States and Great Britain are due to a broadening of the case definition and possible inclusion of cases with primary psychiatric conditions. Some CFS investigators would not see this as a confounding problem because they believe that high rates of psychiatric comorbidity indicate that CFS is mainly a psychiatric disorder….Most importantly, the erroneous inclusion of people with primary psychiatric conditions in CFS samples will have detrimental consequences for both the interpretation of both epidemiological and treatment efficacy findings” (Professor Leonard Jason: Problems with the New CDC CFS Prevalence Estimates: IACFS/ME: 2007; Professor Leonard Jason: How Science can stigmatise: the case of Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. JCFS 2007:14:85-103). A Canadian psychiatrist who specialises in ME/CFS, Dr Ellie Stein, said on 25th May 2007 at the ME Research UK International Research Conference held at the Edinburgh Conference Centre, Heriot Watt University, that the Oxford criteria “could describe almost anybody. I do not believe that studies which use the Oxford criteria can be generalised to patients which most of us in this room would consider to have ME/CFS”. Indeed, on 14th July 2006 Professor White sought Ethics Committee approval to advertise his PACE Trial to GPs, asking them to refer anyone “whose main complaint is fatigue (or a synonym)”. The MRC PACE Trial entry criteria had an “open door” policy and did not identify people with ME/CFS (those supposedly under study in the PACE Trial), hence the reported results cannot be claimed to refer to ME/CFS patients.
In a food processor, coarsely chop the almonds, cranberries and pineapple. In a large bowl, mix in the chopped nuts and fruit with the seeds and oats. Fold in the almond butter mixture. Press the batter into the prepared loaf pan.
The idea behind this Remix is twofold: Firstly - choose one of the three Copper Dragon beer recipes given. Secondly - take the ingredients specified, and do what ever the heck you want with them to create what you think will be a creative and tasty beer!
After having a huge glass of ice water I noticed I had quite a few lemons in my refrigerator so I made a batch of lemonade. Even after the water it's just what I needed to quench my thirst.
But I was also going through a divorce, and all its related tough personal stuff – and I was reading/experiencing a lot of writing/music/art that was helping me a great deal. I wanted a forum to share some of this, too, and explore a bit why it was meaningful to me. I didn’t think the reader of my publishing blog would care in the slightest bit what I thought of some particular piece of poetry! So I decided to just have two blogs.
Just shy of six feet, Shea was considered big for a freshman, but even he felt dwarfed as he looked up at John. The pair had been friends forever, and Shea knew that even though John towered over their classmates, he was all heart. The baseball diamond was the only place John ever showed aggression in his passion to win. “Yeah, Mr. Kelley can be harsh,” he agreed. “I can never get all those
His project will be compromised
But the point that I am trying to make is that the more people who are not ashamed of our naturist lifestyle the more mainstream it becomes and hopefully the more acceptance there will be.
So, here I was, all 5'2" exploring the Bronx with nothing but a pair of flip flops and a few case files. Don let me know he'd be running late, (blast the MTA and their unlimited metrocard inflations!) so I decided that, rather than risk it, I'd open this puppy up before the clock struck eight. After wrongly wandering into the actual post office across the street, looking ever regal in its always pip-pip-cheerio-fashion, the attendant kindly pointed me across the street to a glowing neon red sign reading "Postnet". Well, that makes sense.
A few days prior to surgery, I received a call reminding me of my appointment. She confirmed my arrival time of 7:15 and surgery time of 8:30. She then reminded me to wear absolutely no perfume or anything with a strong, heavy scent as it interferes with the laser.
Room: 5
Living in a county that's bigger than most European nations, it's hard for me to understand why there is so much fighting over some seemingly useless bits of land. And the Israelis -- what on earth possessed you to agree to that whole "Gee, we'll give you back Israel" thing after World War II? I mean, I feel as bad about the Holocaust as any modern day Gentile-type-person can, I don't have any problem with Jews in general (unlike Mel Gibson, and hey, isn't "Mel" a Jewish sounding kind of name, anyway?). I know exactly one Jew, my childhood doctor, whom I thought was the greatest, and he survived the Holocaust and wrote 2 books about it, so shut yer yap.
Swift Brewfest Ram – Brewfest (drop – rare)
Never think of never
1. Pam at The Bug Bytes-for always being a wonderful resource on her blog and on the Cricut MB. She also was the first person to accept me on to a design team. Thanks for the wonderful opportunity Pam!
At one point it was hard to say, but now we can: the answer is no. Or not any more than they can now. That’s because Adobe, the makers of Flash, have ceased development of Flash for Android.
4. Cleveland Browns RB Trent Richardson (Bama) Mike Holmgren, likes doing things his own way and will not bow to the pressure of taking a QB like RG3. Colt McCoy’s days are probably numbered but Cleveland tired of Peyton Hillis quick and looks for some fresh power and running skills to start of the draft. A QB could be in the mix in the second or later rounds.
kraft flower with button
Monster descriptions are equally vague: "This barracks holds 40 men. There is a light light dart thrower on the roof." Again, there are many room descriptions like this. Who are these men? How powerful are they? What is their purpose?
The Garden Intrigue by Lauren Willig
Laura Gilly, 32, New York, N.Y.
I decided it may be helpful to relate it to work. Primarily our business has been his domain and the house mine. Realizing recently that we both needed a break from the everyday mundane aspects of the daily grind we've integrated. I can see now since beginning to work a few hours each week that he is feeling the way at work much the same as I am feeling at home.
Who or what motivated you to become a composer?
Well it’s been ages, hasn’t it blog? Feels like it anyway. I never dreamed that I would get so busy so quickly, but I suppose that comes with the territory of changing your life. As some of you know, I’m trying to change careers and pursue something more along the lines of something I’ll enjoy rather than grudgingly accept.
Lighting #1 - A vintage find in a local antique shop for $20. This floor lamp...the shade will be covered in the B/W fabric that you'll see later on in the post.
Bethany stalks blogs using Google Friend Connect. She enjoys reading other blogs through her Google Reader. If you would like to be a featured blogger, being shared with more than 32,000 combined followers between the hosts of this hop, please link up! At the end of each week we will select a blog via Random.Org to be the featured blog for the following week. The featured blogger will be emailed by Tuesday morning. Please be sure to check your spam folders! This linky will remain open until 3:00PM EST on Monday! Go ahead, stalk up a storm!
KO: "I'm gonna &%*^ you up, EMO!"
So, let me know how serious you are Greg; cause if you are only fucking around with a few little thoughts cause you are fucking bored, or some such shit. DON'T WASTE MY FUCKING TIME. BUT IF YOU ARE GODDAMN FUCKING SERIOUS, I'LL FUCKING LISTEN TO YOU. I'LL MEET YOU HALFWAY.
I want whisper in her ear all the mistakes I made so she wouldn't repeat them. I want to make sure she loves herself as much as she should.
**Note: Here is the first part of our food adventure
It strikes me that so frequently we succumb to the wrong language for expressing ourselves.
Budget Cut for Fence on U.S.-Mexico Border
What it does tell me is that some very smart person invented a sign which caught the public attention and should have made that smart person an awful lot of money.
Feliz Navidad, paella
6 And the man of God said, Where fell it? And he shewed him the place. And he cut down a stick, and cast it in thither; and the iron did swim.
"For how much?" asks the man.
things I have often said
What a book!!
At its last Council meeting Elected Members passed a four-point motion that would not only see Councils relieved of the task through their rates notices, but would see State Government instigate an immediate review of the present complex funding system to address the lack of clarity about accountability and responsibility.
Blessings in disguise, dear One, rain on your promenade. Drink forth as you would lemonade, the sweet blessings before you dear child, for they are sweet and nourishing as honey.
Then we took our hooky on the road.
Footprints, Footprints in the Sand
3)Mas de Gourgonnier, near Les Baux. It's family owned and has been farmed organically for over three decades. They utilize a mix of traditional varieties along with some Cabernet Sauvignon for their red wines and Sauvignon Blanc for the white. Their olive oil is a blend of four traditional local varieties.
"Hello?" His voice is foggy. It is probably around 2am there.
manifests: lifetimes
Forgiveness is the final ingredient. Because even if we survive the plane crash, the abuse, the divorce; how do we leave it behind and not let the bad thing that happened to us define us? Speaking of divorce in particular for a moment, I have had to deal with this forgiveness issue. I was wronged by the one person I thought I could trust. I was also wronged by a woman who I loathe at the moment who encouraged my husband to leave me. He now has made this woman a part of my children’s lives and wants to start bringing her to their concerts where I would have to sit there with them. And I am struggling. I don’t want that hurt to define me.
I'm not really into the whole genealogy thing -- birth, death and marriage dates are necessary but what I'm loving is finding little tidbits out from their lives - which isn't easy unless you get lucky and someone saved a diary or a letter or two (obits only tell so much)
AGAPE (noun), AGAPAO (verb): The kind of love that God has, that which we are commanded; that which seeks the greatest good in its object (John 3:16).
The World doesn’t revolve around us. And in fact, our economics (just look at the Stock Market the last week to see the effects) are tied to the rest of the Worlds economies.
May 29 Detroit, Michigan - PJ's Lager House with some homies
Nature tourism in a variety of different expressions: hikes, cycling, horseback riding, canyoning, educational experiences, culture and traditions.
Having wasted little time regaining control, Pescarolo immediately began sourcing partners for the team’s 2011 programme and, following many positive releases in regards to sponsorship, details of Pescarolo Team’s LMS effort for the coming season are beginning to emerge. The most recent of which, are details of the squad’s new (and, at the same time old) driver lineup.
More importantly, I found out about Dart Bowl's amazing "Monday Mania" promotion. Every Monday from 9pm to midnight, games, shoe rental, soda pops and nachos are all just one buck. I'm thinking about rolling a few tomorrow if I don't wind up at Club DeVille around 10pm for another attempt at seeing Nic Armstrong and the Thieves play.
Hand carved into the clay
Hello new and old friends..
Once the image has dried, I cut the paper to create a border adhering it around a empty ribbon spool.I punched two small holes along the top to add twine for hanging
“Civil societies demand for clean election through Bersih and have acted on it. Even the Orang Asli managed to form their platform to demand from the government what they need from the government.
Those who supported Mr Obama in his campaign for the White House a few years ago were using the power of the internet for progressive politics!
Next Week :Trust, Truth and Traffic
of all that is provided;
OPTION #3: Pagan Kings
Smith later in the article refers to “density trivia,” which unfortunately trivializes the issue. The details are important, because few people are against density at a site that could support some significant density; the question is how much.
Wizards of the Coast also started a chain of retail gaming stores after the company's great success in 1999 with Pokémon, run under the names "Game Keeper" and "Wizards of the Coast". The stores were closed in the spring of 2004.
During the 1970s, Ikea developed a strong manufacturing base in East Germany with 65 factories producing parts and furniture.
Oops...I may be overdoing it a bit with this joy of no crutches thing. It is 8pm on Wednesday and I'm already in my jammies hoping for an early night because I'm exhausted. That should be a sign, especially for this night owl.
Kiss my arse you surveillance generation,
And so we are confronted with a film that not only exploits sensitive topics and subjects; it revels in them. And Jiang Wen paid the price for his genius. Although the film opened at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival and ultimately won the Grand Prix (the second place prize behind the illustrious Golden Palm), it was banned in its native China by the Chinese Film Bureau. Both the Chinese censors and the Japanese producers balked at such ideas as showing Japanese soldiers killing Chinese civilians and Chinese people as backwards and gullible. Reportedly, the Chinese Film Bureau dispatched men to Cannes in an attempt to block its premiere and seize the film’s negative.
ERVDX Blog (ervdxblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Lima is a noisy place…Noise abatement laws vary slightly depending on the part of the city, but all are extremely weak. At night, there are established quiet hours after which there is supposed to be no noise, but fines are reportedly so light that organizers are happy to pay them in order to continue the party.
“… this indictment represents misconduct which lasted for well over a year and involved at least 53 cases in which you manipulated the process in order to save offenders from the consequences of their offending.”
it’s about a guy named yanagi who is rich, smart, and good looking so basically the perfect guy whoo was always the best at what he did. then in comes kujou who transfers into his primary school class. she’s plain looking, is boring, and poor but beats him in academics and sports on the first day she arrives. when that happened, yanagi swore that he would beat her one day and followed her (it’s actually cute, not creepy) throughout high school and finally into college where his feelings for her have changed a bit..
I made these books a few years ago when I was in kindergarten, and I hope they are helpful for you:
In other news, this lovely, brand new, I paid full price for it necklace that I have worn twice fell apart on me in the middle of rehearsal. Luckily, the beading didn't come undone. Cleaning up that many yellow jellybean beads would have been a nightmare. Now I just need to figure out what to do with them all.
I woke up this morning with so many email – work, twitter, stumbleUpon, digg, tumblr, wordpress – all of them. It made my day, one particular spam made me write this article. It is a realization, I was given an advise on how I can drive traffic into my site by going into a certain website, back links and being on top of google searches etc. I honestly appreciated it – unfortunately, she is barking on a wrong tree. You see – and I would say I am not the only one who will agree on this, why it made my day when I woke up with my social emails is – it is not fake, no force, and no special techie effort on my site traffic, and I am proud of my small group of followers. You can bawl all you like but that is my stand – I have a purpose when I created my site 4 months back, and it is still the same up to now. Yes, It Depends!
Here are some SNSD videos I like a lot. It’s encouraged to watch the videos and spot the names of the girls. Try it, it’s fun! : D
She denied she got the story through ‘subterfuge’ but conceded there had been a payment made, she added, to a charity.
“I’ll do it.”
However, we'd like to warmly welcome three new members: Jim, Sam, and Eric. It seems both the place mat ad and the Gazette article were effective recruitment ventures!
Live your life. Really live it. And move forward – with bravery and passion. xo
and talk to haints
It cost us nothing.
I should maybe organize a zombie themed photo shoot?
There is a lurking fear that some things are not meant "to be known," that some inquiries are too dangerous for South Africans to make. Without wanting to appear too superficial, the press and whistle blowers has played a constructive role in informing the public about which that could have easily been swept underneath the carpet by the fraternal ‘stomach pushing' comrades in commanding positions of power abusing public resources through inflated charges, colluding, embezzlement and senseless corruption.
* The time the bookstore manager suggested I help him set up a Twilight display since I wasn’t exactly contracting writers’ cramp at the book-signing table.
None of us likes to be told what to do, and yet managers often seem to lose sight of what it feels like to be managed once they’re responsible getting the job done. Too often, objectives focus on WHAT not HOW and managers are never held to account for the way they manage their staff, unless things go seriously awry. Of course it’s important to deliver the tangible results of the task but the process by which you achieve those results will mark you out for your management and leadership skills.
It is precisely the gift from God of celibacy that holds the priest so tightly to Christ. The priest is bravely laying down his life, and living completely for the next world, in which there is “no marrying or giving in marriage (Mt 22:30),” no matter what consequences might befall him in this world. The priest is called to stand up in the truth, like a brave shepherd.
Coloring Medium: Prismacolor Pencils & OMS
A nice crisp pecan adds crunch and sweetness to this salad. You can skillet toast the pecans but I use a toaster oven. Line a baking pan with foil and spread the pecans single layer. Preheat the toaster oven to 325 F. convection (or traditional bake cycle) and bake the pecans for 8 minutes or until you can smell them. Don't go too far away while cooking because pecans (and nuts in general) move from cooking, to cooked, to burned, very quickly. They will crisp up as they cool.
In 2008, the Poverty in America Survey, administered by National Public Radio, the Kaiser Family foundation and the Kennedy School of Government, found that 57% of respondents stated that welfare support causes women to have more babies. Indeed, the identity of the welfare queen is still pervasive today, still causing the American public to be reluctant to pay into a welfare system that would propel poor mothers out of poverty, and feel more comfortable paying for a system that monitors and controls poor women’s lives.
In all the world I'd rather be.
Cheerleading’s her sport, this summer earned a wage.
The class is only $20 and we used the brand new Graphic 45 Old Curiosity Shoppe range and Imaginarium Designs Chipboard! You need to book and pay on the day at the Seriously Scrapbooking stand at the expo and spots are limited!
Until then, you, my humanoid nicotine,
I know I am not a perfect parent.. not the greatest mom in the world.. but if ONE more person goes for my jugular today.. there is going to be more blood than just mine spilling..
Splits - 12:35, 12:47, 12:41, 12:06, 13:18, 10:33
As he wrapped up, it became obvious why he couldn’t improvise his conclusion: “This is why I needed this page,” Rubio chuckled, before reading a quote from former British Prime Minister Tony Blair.
or we can get to know it
Free State uses Amarillo hops and some dark roasted malts. I found it rather grassy, herbal, and astringent, and maybe it's just me, but it tasted a lot like nearby Boulevard Brewing's Single Wide
Though they have had some effect, bringing the number of house robberies in the province down by 5,4 percent, the incidence remains high.
*I'd abandoned the adjustment of my guide, and animate she'd just gotten to Celadon, she was at the amiss Gym.*
Kim Newman – The Snow Sculptures of Xanadu
We started walking home around 6pm. We were still making jokes about labour, I was still convinced that I wasn’t going to have a baby until at least that time tomorrow. Sazz and I sewed together some wheat bags to be used as heat packs during labour “when it started” LOL. And we made the girls each a mini wheat bag too, since they were interested in them.
Were I a little more "with it," I would have created this entry a week ago, and used it as on opportunity to plug two Dreams So Real reunion shows that had yet to happen (April 27th in Athens, GA, April 28 in Atlanta), but if those dates don't already make it obvious, I can only refer to them in the past tense. On the ball as usual.
Imagine my surprise when these showed up at my door...they are beautiful...they made me cry...because it was such an unexpected thoughtful gesture...Thank you Joseph and Selin...you are two of the best part of my life! The other two will be coming up to spend the morning with Don and I at the Rose Bowl flea market ...how blessed I am to have such great sons and daughters!!
And then he leans back on his stool, all casual like. I really don't know what to say. I guess that I have to take his words on faith alone, a little bit of belief, slice of hope?
Many films purport to tell the "story of a relationship," often using various techniques to fracture their narratives in order to convey something of the complexity we all feel to be fundamental to relationships. But these films often fail because of their need to come down, finally, and make some sort of definitive statement about the relationship, usually either naively hopeful or nihilistically cynical. These films cause us to become invested in relationships as plots and dramatic narratives, as though we were watching diplomatic negotiations between states: "Will they or won't they...?" We are denied this in Certified Copy: we cannot hope for any specific outcome to Shimell and Binoche's relationship because we cannot with any precision say what the nature of this relationship actually is.
The Poem Hunter is a grab bag of good and bad selections. Today's choice, A Song, brings you up short. You realize that Whitman's expansive hope for America was in vain. “Comrade” has been so contaminated by events that lay in the future beyond Whitman's brief span, that we, the inheritors of his work, cannot use the word anymore without irony. Amazing to contemplate the evil done in the name of comradeship in the 20th century.
Parts of those exclusive rights are to prepare the derivative work, to replicate such work in other copies, to disseminate the copies of the works to the public, to have the presentation of the work open to the public, to showoff the copyrighted piece of work in public, to utilize the digital audio transmission for sound recordings, the rights of integrity and attribution to the original authors of visual arts, and it is held illegal to mess up with any work that is protected by the copyright law.
-to the outside again, Cody favoring his eye.
2 small options:
It’s the first thing that comes out of our mouths when faced with yet another misunderstanding. See, we assumed our job was to lead, not just spend all our time being the the information hub.
Charge for the guns’ he said:
provide support services. Let us look
In an earlier post, I discussed hanging bowls, large thin-walled copper alloy* bowls with suspension points around the rim, often beautifully decorated with mounts made in coloured enamel. They are mostly associated with high-status burials of around the seventh century in what is now England. What function(s) might they have had?
Let's leave aside for now Truth with a big T, as in objective, eternal, changeless realities à la Plato's forms, or as in Christian metaphysical "Word of God" absolutes. What happened to truth that allows us simply to trust the non-stop everyday things we are told? Trust, like going to a light switch and knowing that when you flip it to on, there will be light, because that's what normally functioning light switches do.
, sat with his head in his hands.
I'm tired of latte liberals and journalists, who would never wear the uniform of the Republic themselves, or let their entitlement-handicapped kids near a recruiting station, trashing our military. They and their kids can sit at home, never having to make split-second decisions under life and death circumstances, and bad mouth better people than themselves. Do bad things happen in war? You bet. Do our troops sometimes misbehave? Sure. Does this compare with the atrocities that were the policy of our enemies for the last fifty years and still are? Not even close. So here's the deal. I'll let myself be subjected to all the humiliation and abuse that was heaped on terrorists at Abu Ghraib or Gitmo, and the critics can let themselves be subject to captivity by the Muslims, who tortured and beheaded Daniel Pearl in Pakistan, or the Muslims who tortured and murdered Marine Lt. Col. William Higgins in Lebanon, or the Muslims who ran the blood-spattered Al Qaeda torture rooms our troops found in Iraq, or the Muslims who cut off the heads of schoolgirls in Indonesia, because the girls were Christian. Then we'll compare notes. British and American soldiers are the only troops in history that civilians came to for help and handouts, instead of hiding from in fear.
I’m going to end this one here, I want to save some time for myself, I have a complaint letter to write. The stupid manager here has the groundskeepers whacking down the brush so it can be turned into more lawn to be mowed and maintained. If that happens, the food, shelter, and habitat for some of the wildlife is going to be gone, and the wildlife with it. So, I am hoping a complaint letter to corporate put an end to that, we’ll see.
of the façade improvements and detailed cost documentation, including canceled checks, bills, copies
In a medium bowl, whisk together eggs, milk, and nutmeg. Season with salt and pepper.
In double boiler, combine 1/4 cup sugar, chocolate, flour, and salt. When chocolate is melted, beat with egg beater until smooth. Gradually stir in milk. Cook, stirring until thick. Cook, covered, stirring occasionally, 10 min. longer. Beat egg yolks with 1/4 cup sugar; stir in a little sauce; add to rest of sauce in double boiler. Cook, stirring, 2 min., or until mixture mounds when dropped from spoon. add butter, vanilla; cool. Start heating oven to 350. Turn filling into shell. Bake 12 to 15 min.
Salvatore Ferragamo
If we were lost, at least the scenery was great!
1/2 can of 8 oz canned crushed pineapple and their juice
Absenteeism- When a catechist needs to be absent you follow the procedure for being absent that is written in the catechist handbook that you signed to verify that you understood what your responsibilities are and the rules that you must follow.
10) Receive your free object.
Once everyone has arrived and is sitting down, the first course is served. Last week this was Soupe de tomate et basilic avec des chevre toasts (tomato and basil soup with pesto and goats cheese toasts); I then served Merlan au Fenouil – (whiting with roasted fennel) and a roti du Porc, (roast pork) with beans and potatoes cooked in the oven on a bed of salt (a suggestion from the market stall holder where I bought the potatoes, guess what, they were really salty!). For pudding I served a plum crumble with homemade ginger ice cream, (the French love le crumble!) then coffee accompanied by a delicious 10-year-old rum from Martinique that one of the guests had brought.
All of Herman’s cards were marked in advance
But I’ll write for what its worth, what its worth.
Many of you may have already viewed the following Sir Ken Robinson’s Ted Talk or RSA Animate video, but if you haven’t seen it before, it’s definitely worth a look.
As I drove toward home last week, I feared I had made a wrong turn and somehow ended up in Juarez, Mexico. Lying in the gutter, just across the street from my house, appeared to be a lifeless corpse.
I can’t bear to tell all the details of these stories here. It’s too raw, too hard to handle. But they are present and a foggy sadness has set in.
Faith, Through the Shrouded Day
"Just thinking."
brighter than its been before
juice from 1/2 lime
I can taste the tension like a cloud of smoke in the air
I've been debating this decision for awhile. I enjoy my morning blogging, but it does take a lot of time and I feel if I'm going to keep going, it needs to be with more of a mission. Plus, there are some other things I've wanted to pursue for awhile.
But still remaining on the table is the question of whether the Israeli's will actually attack before the election and what are the powerful reasons that would make them take that difficult step. We believe that there are three uncompromising elements that would make them do so.
We then ate breakfast at Over Easy Cafe, a very popular local spot. Al had his fave bagel and lox platter and I decided to try the French toast which I did not like....the batter was loaded with cinnamon, way too much for my taste. Afterwards, we took a short hike through Bailey Tract, a favorite area for birding. Since it was noon by now, we did not see many birds, just a few ducks including Moorhens and Pied-Billed Grebes and a couple Herons.
I highly recommend this book for entrepreneurs who need to work on their marketing and are trying to find and share the “secret sauce” that makes them and their product or service unique. Do not miss the other delicacies at www.thewordchef.com. You’ll come back for seconds. Or thirds.
French 2.0 Dolby Surround
with 8 years of experience as I prefer to believe) and live in Devon, UK with my hubby, Paul, plus 2 cats and 2 chickens! I've always been a crafter; never happier than when I'm covered in glitter and sticky stuff. I started card-making in 2004 and quickly found that stamping was my favourite technique. However, since finding digi stamps about 6 months ago, I've become a real digi convert. My favourite colouring tools are my Promarkers, Twinkling H2O watercolour paints, my recently re-discovered 20 year old watercolour pencils (they're still going strong!!!) and my lovely shimmer chalks. I love working with sketches,
Entertaining supporting performances abound, including Morey Amsterdam reprising the role of proprietor Cappy from Beach Party, Buddy Hackett as the Contessa's business manager, Peter Turgeon as Julie’s lawyer, and even a turn by Peter Lorre as the strong yet silent partner of Jack Fanny. Yet, despite the presence of such veteran funnymen, Harvey Lembeck is sorely missed as motorcycle gang leader Eric Von Zipper. Muscle Beach Party is the only one of the seven Beach Party movies without Lembeck.
Glad you could come by today! Have a great Wednesday!
I'm getting an agent. Ideas to help me get there: Practice my smile and rock the auditions.
The Sarah P. Duke gardens are located in Duke University’s West campus area in Durham, NC. They are open to the public and cover approximately 55 acres. My wife and I spent a pleasant Saturday morning hiking around these gorgeous gardens. I attempted to capture several shots of some of the sights that attracted my attention — flowers, trees, gardens, wildfowl and other birds, all were candidates for my lens.
‘What country?’ I asked them.
The grey hexes still representing a 12 foot slope, the party at the edge of the view can see a grouping of barrels - 2603 - and buckets of pitch - 2802 & 2803. There are no signs of any kobalds, nor any sounds.
6. When was the last time you spoke in front of a large group? Tell us about it.
Icewolf: Alright, it goes like this *pulls both of them away from Mimm and Inora (who are in deep conversation in a matter of seconds)* Mimm is an abstract character right? I mean she goes against my original plans?
Seriously. Man, I hate crowds. My wife can attest to the fact that I get mini-panic attacks when the crowd at Wal-Mart of Target or wherever we happen to be is too thick.
After Barack Obama was elected president, his campaign warchest still had a ton of money left in it, and a lot of excitement to go with it. Therefore, the people that were involved in the campaign started a political action committee called "Organizing for America". That PAC has since become (with the upcoming election) "Obama for America". I have no problem with this, as they wanted to continue to campaign for Obama's policies, and they knew they were going to have a tough election fight in 2012.
It has dawned on me once again that I do and have always lived by “The Golden Rule of Compassion” I have always treated others and loved others as I have wished to be loved and treated myself. By not acknowledging my beauty I am also denying the beauty present in all life. It would seem that I have work to do, if I want to experience the beauty present in this life; I need to acknowledge the beauty that is me in order to truly know the beauty that is in everything.
3. I moan a lot. I used to be a freelancer and I once had a job I was thrilled to have, so thrilled in fact that I swore I’d never complain while on the job and always maintain a positive outlook. A few weeks in, the rest of the team had a big laughing conversation about how I was so bloody miserable all the time. Apparently, I don’t need to speak in order to moan. My very presence is like a big fuckoff load of gloom, glooming over everything.
451. Katafi Crab Cake w/ Salad & Calkins Creamery Skinners Falls Basket Tomme @
Step or Transition
You also tout that,
One day when we were on a walk, I was pushing him around in his blue car. He decided to push instead. We walked past a house where a man was unloading things from his truck. W said, "Hey! Whatcha doing?" The man answered. W said, "I see a cat!" (Although there was not one in sight.) I told him to tell the man good-bye. He said, "Good-bye! Have a good day!" So friendly and adorable!
The response from NARAL was that:
Me: “Um, better than yesterday, because yesterday I couldn’t even move–”
Thankfully, most mornings Claudy gets him and brings him to me. I'm spoiled!
These authors didn't set out to write series when they started. Like so many of us, they just wanted to get a book published. Crais confessed that in his outline (cringe!), he had planned to kill off Joe Pike, but when it came time to write the scene, he couldn't do it. And he's very glad he couldn't.
3. I could eat Japanese food any day of the week
nuvoTV is available in major markets including Los Angeles, New York, Miami, Chicago and San Francisco / Bay Area, as well as all 15 of the top 15 Hispanic DMAs. Major distribution partners include AT&T U-verse, Comcast, Cox, Dish Network, Time Warner Cable and Verizon FiOS.
I printed the image off 3 times, once onto white card and twice onto patterned paper. Once I had Die Cut round the white image I used the pattern papers to decoupage up the flower to give it dimension, then added some fabby little chocolate coloured candi as the centres. The leaves were printed onto another piece of white card, coloured using Promarkers and again decoupaged up.
Anyone with such an outstanding reputation is not easily replaceable in a young democracy such as South Africa. Tertius Smith, the managing director of Fitch Ratings in South Africa, says financial markets love Manuel because he has always delivered the goods.
Those who fall away permanently are not saved people who lost their salvation. They never were really saved in the first place.
SB310 goes beyond being some of the toughest laws in the country…It’s unconstitutional, puts people out of business and is actually a BAN on Private Exotic Animal Ownership, with the exception of those with USDA permits…AZA, GFS and ZAA…and no replacing an animal once it passes. AZA, GFS and all others are ALL private ‘country club’ organizations and in reality, GFS is another H$U$ organization. More will be coming demonstrating how GFS sanctuaries can be HELL on EARTH for the animals…owned by hypocritical fanatics.
things.
If you know me by now, you’ll know that I’m weary about this. Burberry is one of those brands that has always done what they do best, stick with the plaid design that everyone knows them for. This Spring/Summer however, they will be bringing us their new Sunburst print instead.
This painting does not have as wide a range of values as I normally use, but it was a foggy day, and there were really no highlighted or very bright areas. So c'est la vie!
1/2 Cup Blue cheese crumbles
So a week ago i recieved a call from my gym with a complimentary personal trainer session. I personally thought that would be a good way to get re-motivated and back into the gym! So last night it all happened! it was great! very interesting i havent worked out that hard since i was like 10?! hahaha …I must say did feel good after it! … and this morning i felt great! but this afternoon… i started to stiff up! aww and im hurting! ahhaha lol its so painfull! its crazy ! i think i just need to get some shut eye and hopefully i wake up less sore tomorrow !! … i can only hope.
Sam grabbed her bag and gear from the study. The doll was waiting for them at the end of the hallway, bouncing impatiently on his toes. He beckoned them out the back door and pointed toward the dark forest that stretched for miles past the gate at the end of their garden. The sun was setting beyond the trees and the evening was warm and humid. Somewhere, a lone robin sang a cheerful song that seemed like an affront to Sam's apprehension.
The far-right extremist murdered 76 people last week after detonating a bomb in Oslo and then gunning down defenceless youngsters on a nearby island.
Grimmett started plating cricket at a time when there was a complete drought of spin bowlers in the world. Born in New Zealand, Grimmett made his Plunkett Shield debut at just 17. Sadly though, the First World War deprived him of any chance to play Test cricket. After the war, he tried his luck across the Tasman Sea but had to wait till the age of 33 to make his Test debut. He remains the only man to take 200 Test wickets after playing his first Test post-30. He took almost 6 wickets per game in an era dominated by batsmen, bowling to the likes of Hobbs, Hammond, Sutcliffe, Headley and Nourse. Amazingly, in his last series, playing at the age of 44, Grimmett took 33 wickets in 3 Tests at an average of 11.
River Silks Ribbons are sold individually; available from your LNS. They have over 240 colors; both solids and patterned. They come in 4MM, 7MM and 13MM widths.
Publication Date: 5 Jan 2012
Amanda said...
3. Honey Child
okay, i admit it, i have failed you all! my last post announced a countdown to my blogiversary, then no countdown happened, and now it's THE DAY of my blogiversary and i have NO plan!!! i have been wracking my brain as to what i could offer as a drawing prize but i have come up empty-headed!!! hahaha get it?
Covered in pollen. Good.
OH WOW.. I have just noticed that the blog counter is OVER 50,000 WOW.. Now this deserves a Celebration and I will sort some Blog Candy out for this..
Mom, I'll be sending your socks next week along with some washcloths and embroidered sachets for your church craft sale. Here are the washcloths in progress:
As the first step towards promoting pumpkin eating, I give you these pumpkin cream cheese muffins, which are bound to dispel any negative perception you had about pumpkins!
Does seem a bit rum, does it not?
Hm. I didn’t get very much from that description. Did you?
Cambie & 49th Ave – 8:17am
Although not required by law, most bourbon whiskey is double-distilled. The first distillation takes place in a column still. When you visit a distillery in Kentucky and they show you the still, that's what they show you. It looks like a column. They're typically five feet in diameter and two stories high. Every couple of feet there is a porthole-like thing.
Washing the days motions off,
We hope to see you join us in the fun this month.
Is it quality or just the fact that fell shoes get so much hammer.
Although it doesn’t have as much popularity as before, you could sell your home in an auction. Auctions help avoid having to spend money on a real estate company. You might also be able to obtain a buyer for your home faster by using this strategy.
It might sound silly
Because the burden of proof is on the PTO to establish that applicant’s mark falsely suggests a connection with the particular name or persona, the Board sided with Applicant: "In view of the significant doubt remaining as to whether anyone currently possesses rights in the name 'Maria Callas,' and resolving such doubt in applicant’s favor, we find that the examining attorney has not met her burden in establishing the false suggestion of a connection refusal under Section 2(a)."
For the first 12 people who comment on this post,
The doctor's orders?
“To impose anything by authority is wrong. The child should not do anything until he comes to the opinion—his own opinion—that it should be done.”5
Subsequent chapters focus on particular themes: conceptions of the state; ideas of anarchy and approaches to action. The rejection of centralised power is a strong theme in anarchist writing, but so too is the state’s hypnotic authority which leads us to adopt roles that militate against individual reflection and conscience. In the state, Fredy Perlman argued, we wear masks; and even if we agree with the decisions that we are charged to take, we are infantalised by Leviathan and the processes which structure daily life.
(Yeah. I'm the ONLY harpist he knows.)
"It is my belief that the course on which this should proceed is by you making a complaint to the Metropolitan Police and finding out whether or not they are prepared to carry out an investigation.
The children love the tree so much. Already they remember the familiar ornaments from years past, unravelling the paper towels I wrapped them in the previous January with delight. Geekygirl is now a very opinionated decorator, and Geekyboy, just shy of four, looks at the tree reverently, and says "it is so beautiful, mummy".
Of course, this 'Lil Twister is a 'lil elusive! I've never seen this template anywhere so where did I go to get it? EBAY of course! All I did was type in "quilt supplies" and VOILA!! There it was! With a pretty little "Buy Me Now" button right beside it! lol The price was right so I hit that button! Now this was Sunday evening... I was supposed to be "watching" the football game but who can watch a stinking football game when your team isn't playing?! I can't!! lol anyways.... like I said, that was Sunday evening and here it is.... Wednesday.... and my 'Lil Twister is in my mailbox!!! Just waiting for me to use it! And use it, I did!!!
This is the common greeting we do when you’re in the Philippines. Well, I hate stating Wikipedia, but Kung Hee Huat Chai is Hokkien and the first greeting (not the title) is Cantonese.
“This year’s Top 50 list is our most diverse ranking ever, with 20 states represented and companies ranging from precious metal dealers to food service distributors,” Marsha Firestone, president and founder of the WPO, said in a statement.
Tried to seperate tracks but the damn free software just wouldnt do as it was told.This will give you something to do.
In some ways South Africa is like all other countries, in other ways it is like some others, and in its own, unique way it is like no other country. It is subject to the same environmental and ecological threats as all other countries on this earth, it is caught up in the realities of a globalising economy and it is adapting to rapidly changing production, service and information technologies.
A couple of years ago, I had the opportunity, or possibly the misfortune, to spend a lot of time around some really dumb people who did a lot a dumb things.
Dammit, last nite dream just i felt like in the real fuckin world!! I still could taste her lovely skin, and also i still could hear her adorable voice!! Nau i really missed Matsui Jurina, i hope that we could meet again in other dreams L”L
Physician Helen Brown said: “The heart is constantly adapting as the body develops. The heart size and volume increase as the cardiac muscles undergo hypertrophy, the process where the heart gets stronger to cope with these changes.”
Let’s start with where they work. The Bureau of Labor Statistics counts 22 job categories, ranging from building and grounds maintenance (which employes one in 30 working people) to office and administrative support (which employs one in six). In 2010, the category with the highest share of low-income workers by far — nearly 75%! — was food preparation and serving. That was followed by personal care, which also happens to be the fastest growing occupation in the next decade, according to BLS.
Breast augmentation which may also be referred to as breast enlargement is the fixing of an implant into a bust to let it seem larger than its original size. The surgical procedure is needed for beauty reasons for both sexes. It can be used for health reasons. There’re two several types of breast implants obtainable for a breast enlargement. The Saline engraft additionally referred to as the salt water breast engraft was introduced a lot earlier and has been in use so long as breast augmentation was in operation. The 2nd kind of breast implant is the silicone breast implant. The silicone breast implant was introduced into the medical world sometimes in the Nineteen Eighties and has had arguments since its introduction.
Yeast, dry (1 envelope) = 2 1/4 tsps yeast
Hang one amputated arm over heavy lidded eyes.
From the day she was born up until now, she always makes a lot of noise!
I am doing well. I still haven't heard from my results yet from my monitor but hopefully this week I will. I have been feeling better but still have small episodes every now and then.
MGM Records SE 4381
Since then, I have downloaded this wonderful writing tool called Scrivener, and may I say... I'm in writing heaven. I have tested the Scrivener beta version for Windows before, but since I was always tempted by the Mac and could see from the Windows version how good it could be if I did have the Mac version, I just couldn't stop myself and went ahead and bought a Macbook Pro 13".
The old rules and methods seem to stop working and one of the children starts behaving like a spoiled kid in a toy store.
Dash of grenadine
Advantages of Resource planning and scheduling are many. Efficient Resource planning & scheduling leads to development of systems which makes a job easier. It makes the organization more effective by re-alignment of traditional working practices. Resource planning efficiently accomplishes organizational goals and empowers your organization to meet deadlines, in addition to safeguarding profitability.
Where Does Multicultural Targeting Fit in a Diverse World?
Each year – bad back permitting – I try to get away for a week or so on my tod. Due to the creaking spine, it has become increasingly difficult to spend that week on foot. I’m still working on it, but the demands of walking 15 miles a day for more than three days in succession is still proving to be one step too far.
One more from Barbara was an oh so pretty roses journal with a pink sparkling vintage brooch attached. Each page is decorated and so beautiful....I'll have to scent it with my Fragonard perfumes and pretend its a secret journal for love poems and pretty sketches !
If you think anyone is sane, you just don’t know enough about them. - Christopher Moore
Why is this a common injury among team ropers?
The Nurse comes in and we try to get Samantha to stand on the scale. EPIC FAIL. The nurse scared her and she wanted me to hold her. After a min, she stands on it long enough to get her weight, 26.2 lbs. She is now crying and in my arms. During this time the nurse measures her head circumference. I did not get that number. We then lay her down and measure her from head to foot. She was SCREAMING. She is 35 inches tall. I pick her up and the nurse leaves.
Source: Los Angeles Times
I'm just walking in obedience to where I feel God is leading me. Whether my role in this war is overt or behind-the-scenes is irrelevant. The important thing is to get educated and actually DO something for these heartbreaking victims of trafficking.
Writer released: “Kang San is a justice, strong and really a man, he is a character who is like father with Lee Kang To”. This time release his foolish image but on the drama he will show you a hero image, too. You will surprise with these two images of him.
The show was not animated in high definition, despite airing in 2009. This becomes incredibly apparent when you view the screencaps of this upscale. Q-tec’s new technology, F.O.C.U.S. did what it could, but they went from the DVD masters, which didn’t have the best quality. It’s not the worst upscale I’ve seen, but it’s certainly not one you’ll want to show screencaptures of. I’ve included 16 screencaptures from the first few episodes and the OP/ED for reference. It does look much better in motion though.
If you like hazelnut? Well, I'm still kind of iffy on this one. It's kind of thin and sweet, and the hazelnut's pretty up-front, on the verge of being over-powering. You'll probably want to try it for yourself.
I am super giddy...little things that have happened lately that make my heart swell! I am so thankful and humbled too...for I know Heavenly Father is mindful of me..
This marks the end of the Costa Rica Photos! I hope you enjoyed them. I might post another every now and then, after all I took over 2,500 on that trip. Aside from that it’s back to Alaska!
Have you considered praying for a verse for the Lord to flesh out in you this year?
Big IQ Kids is an award winning, online educational program for kids in K-8th grades. They offer Spelling, Vocabulary, Math & U.S. States. It's not like traditional educational programs you purchase online, those who just offer one program at a time, where you have to make a seperate purchase for each one. This one gives you everything, all in one package.
Happy New Year, and may your days in 2012 be merry and bright!
the tribes of your heritage.
I have acquired over the holiday season a book that has become a great deal of joy to me as well as information. I received "English Fashions of the Nineteenth Century" by C. Willett Cunningham (no relation to our own Mrs. Cunningham).
Hey everyone, it's been a while! Hope things are going well for you, whether school has already started or you're still in set up mode, like I am.
- Color: Red + Black + Blue- Intellectual development cool DIY toy car- Made of ABS material- 1:32 scale- Easy to assemble and play- Comes with assembly diagram- Powered by 2*AA batteries (not included)
Live real time internet collaborations in Logic? Awsome.
I am feeling rather down in the dumps at the moment with memories of last year, and to top it all my DH has decided not to come home this weekend. As his work keeps him away a lot, I look forward to the weekends .. .. and as it's a bank holiday I had hoped we could have more time together .. .. for now I'm on automatic pilot looking after Mum and not in the mood for doing much else.
The sale went very well, but it was unpredictable. Some items went for a lot of money, others didn't attract a bid. The *star lot* was estimated at £8,000-£10,000 and went for £11,000 hammer price, £12,650 out of the saleroom, so that was very good. A couple of things that didn't meet their reserve have been sold afterwards for slightly less and some more will probably go in the next few days.
And the header isn't all that
We bought it.
The mechanics of the bike, as well as the style, are taken from the traditional artisan process: there are no gears, the wheel has 18 radii and the rear and head lights are pedal activated. The handlebars are in a classic shape with the break mechanics hidden inside the body of the bike for a clean aesthetic. The bike is highly finished, with 24k gold gilding, protected by a all weather varnish, leather seat and black bell with Dolce&Gabbana logo plaque and a handy plastic coated aluminium basket on the front.
Stiegl
Regular readers of this blog may remember that I lost all of my jpeg files last November when my external hard drive crashed. I wrote about it {here}, if you care to read. It’s short and sad. In early December, I took the device to one of the best computer experts in our area who, after several weeks, informed me that his staff could get nothing from it. I was sad, but I’m almost embarrassed to say it’s been sitting there ever since because I just couldn’t bring myself to go get it. Pretty lame, I know.
"Theres another bloke called Steve Jones who is going to be on X Factor"
Genre: Action/Comedy
Yes, I believe in a Creator, the living God of the Bible, one God in three persons, Father, Son, and Holy Spirit.
Annie and Buster Fang have spent most of their adult lives trying to distance themselves from their famous artist parents. But when a bad economy and a few bad personal decisions converge, the two siblings have nowhere to turn but their family home. Reunited under one roof for the first time in more than a decade, Buster and Annie are forced to confront not only their creatively ambitious parents, but the chaos and confusion of their childhood. Written with wit and honesty, Kevin Wilson‘s The Family Fang (Ecco) is “a comedy, a tragedy, and a tour de force….The best single-word description would be genius” (Ann Patchett).
The quiet voice of science says there is nothing unusual or alarming about our climate. But it is drowned out by a cacophony of pseudo-science and superstition, sounded first by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and then amplified by politicians, green activists and the media.
4/28 – Philadelphia, PA – Temple University
But gold will do great right? Oh, here come the people comparing recent events to the late 1970s, again completely oblivious in their abject denial of the simple realities pointed to for years by researchers who have the remarkable distinction of… accuracy! But why consider those folks when there are people on TV pointing to the light at the end of the tunnel and saying “it simply could not be a train. In fact, there is obviously no such thing as a train.”
About the author: James Vandenburg is a geek. He’s also a Writer, Composer, Motivational Speaker and quite often, a Philosopher. He holds Bachelor degrees in Music Theory/Composition and in Philosophy/Religion, a Master’s in Music Composition, and continues to be an eternal student of life and culture with a penchant for reading everything he can get his hands on. He’s traveled to some of the most remote places on the planet but for now, is perfectly happy living in sunny San Diego, CA.
I was under the impression that even authors published by standard companies had to do much of the legwork.
I took a few minutes to pick my middle kids up from school and to cool off a bit.
A specialist popular music important factors independently will be touching susceptible plus you can find your specialist major which will fuses through popular music style so that you can communicating style within the touching with control key.Samung F500 options your swivelling demonstrate display screen which will lets flicks to generally be perceived around panoramic mode plus is definitely the first mobile handset so that you can comprise of aid designed for DivX training video codec.
Sad – cruel and rude too!
Now that we have determined that I again ask the question. From what do false religions arise? Using our verse, it is refusing to receive Paul’s testimony concerning Jesus Christ. This is akin to what he wrote to the Galatians in 1:8.
Treat those tootsies "I get a pedicure. It's a great time to read a book and let someone else rub my feet. Plus, my toes are ready for sandals now!"— Kay Kay Sharp, mother of Katie Beth, 11 months, Columbia, Tenn.
Working 8 a.m. to around 5:30 p.m. gives me a lot more time with my family as well. I had the entire week off between Christmas and New Year’s Day for the first time in 29 years. The pace of work is quite different, but it was an easy adjustment.
Actress Natalie Wood died from an apparent boating accident that occurred on the Splendour, a yacht owned by her and her then husband, Robert Wagner. Christopher Walken was also aboard, lurking around. Rumor had it that Walken and Wood were having an affair during the filming of their movie, Brainstorm. As the story went, all three got liquored up and Natalie, for some unknown reason, found herself out on deck, late at night, in her night-gown to tie down a dingy. Moments later she fell over board and drowned. (Now you all know the answer to the question, What kind of wood doesn’t float?)
I didn’t sit to one side and give yet another bridge
That is absolutely true of life, especially the unexpected one.
I seem to keep it all in my head without too much difficulty. Sometimes, especially in the later drafts, I might scribble down a little timeline or something. If you're involved in a story it's actually pretty easy to keep a lot of different things in your head; it's not really something I think about very much.
Then you need the Beer Beard. A secret beer dispenser with a patented 'chilly-tek' bladder.
She then proceeded to describe the hinge that Bubba had sent her to buy, and Jo Bob went to the backroom to find a hinge. From the backroom Joe Bob yelled "Mary Louise, you wanna screw for that hinge?"
Mimicking my mother from almost 30 years
"My friend, these are all free for you, I just ask one small thing."
My other homework assignment was to look at my relationship. To see how we complete each other, how we play off of one another. How we push each other to grow, etc. I have a basis for this (I know there are a lot of ways in which my SO has caused me to grow and change for the better), but I’m not sure if I’m supposed to be looking at it from another angle, or something else. I imagine it’ll become clearer in time.
The robin built a little nest on top of the wreath and even used a piece of card board for a side wall!!!
Sorry for the long post, but hopefully I've helped one or two of you! What skin care products do you find work for you?
It gets really frustrating, but not enough to stop me... No way!.....
Erm, that would be, of course, the council of which he is a member.
Now we mustn't confuse The Snorers Wife with The Baby Mumma. If you were to walk around the shopping centre in the bright glow of the early morning sunshine, the two may be hard to distinguish. Sticky up, slightly wonky hairdos. Dazed expressions. Bloodshot puffy eyes peering out above dark smudged crescents. Triple-shot lattes. Mismatched clothing. Oh yes, hard to tell them apart all right, but if you look hard enough you will spot the clue, one will actually have a baby. The other, a slightly disconcerting glint in their eye.
and inflates a full blown entity
1. Between 1927 and 1938, under arrangements made between T.V.Soong (Finance Minister of China) and Henry Morgethau, Secretary of the Treasury, The United States Government purchased some 50 million ounces of silver and leased vast amounts of gold from the Nationalist Chinese Government, known as Kuomintang. During this period China was partly occupied by Japanese troops and there was the fear of China being overrun by the Japanese.
“Forget the bloviating ‘experts’ urging us to punish the poor and middle classes for the failures of Wall Street and the gluttonous rich. This book strips bare the myths of ‘free market’ economics and shows us what our economy really needs to do: create the most happiness for the most people for the longest time. It’s a refreshing blast of truth in these confusing and divided times.”—Peter Barnes, co-founder of CREDO and author of Capitalism 3.0
The flip side of a common language is seen through the internet. Now, no matter where you live or reside, you can be in communication with someone, sharing knowledge with someone, learning from someone, sharing your feelings with someone. An awesome tool that allows us to share the gospel with everyone no matter where they live, and what time zone they occupy.
and traditional touches such as molding and etc.
Ian Ayre has set the cat amongst the pigeons with his recent comment about Liverpool Football negotiating their own overseas TV rights. He probably didn’t even think about the amount of vitriol that would be heading his way when he declared that to the Guardian that “Personally I think the game-changer is going out and recognising our brand globally. Maybe the path will be individual TV rights like they do in Spain”
So was it a golden age? To us, looking back from our own time, it may seem so. But an age never seems golden when its the present, only when it becomes the past.
When I get my camera working today, I will post a picture. It was the sweetest in the world and it reached me on a day I needed it the most. So stay tuned for a picture of a gift from Leslie. THANK YOU LESLIE!!!!
Wawawewa indeed.
Vinnie Appice Drums
Trail Miles Hiked: 16.2
At lunchtime, I had a sandwich made from my husband's home-made bread. He makes bread a lot, but, as the saying goes, Results May Vary. Sometimes the bread is so dense that if I have a sandwich of it for lunch, I can't get up to teach Periods 4 and 5 and they have to organise me a cover teacher. Sometimes, it's just the opposite, and has so many holes in it that it virtually counts as a diet food and means that after I've had a sandwich, I can eat three muffins and still not feel guilty. Today it was in between and the only downside was that I wasn't eating it at home while listening to You and Yours and getting ready for a nice snooze.
Candied fennel fronds evoke images of a wintry Christmas, and even the licorice and cocoa combination somehow remind me of gingerbread.
This is the first one I've done and I was surprised how well it came out as I normally mess these things up first time round! lol!
Well my friends, Day 2 has not ended yet, that's for sure. Can you recognise the guy up in the photo above?I have not told you about Chef Tyler Florence's surprised show up at the Tasting Pavilion. Yup, that is right.. Chef Tyler Florence people!! He's one of the chef that I idolised amongst others and shall not name them right now, as I prefer to have this post spotlight on Chef Tyler Florence.
Part 3: Pill Induced Slumber
1 findin'
7. Mention this giveaway on your blog, either on a post or on your sidebar. Let me know/leave a link. (+3)
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F or 180 degrees C and cut the potato wedges without peeling the skin.Blanch them in hot saline water.Mix in the spices ,salt and garlic,olive oil,lemon juice.Line atray with aluminium foil and layer the potatoes in it .Place it in the oven and bake for 15-20 minutes. Serve Crispy baked potato wedges with tomato ketchup!!
A few years later, I bought a box of r.i.t. dye in this bright purple shade, grabbed my mom’s cast-iron canning pot and boiled me up a new dress!
What the hell are chicken balls? Rooster testicles? Honestly, how hard is it to find a pair of rooster balls? Yea, not easy.
Make the rest of the fritters in the same way.
While I didn’t do much in the artistic category this week, I did work on the book I am writing, which is in itself another sort of artistic venture. I started on this story late in 2008 while in college, and have been writing and rewriting the story ever since. The initial inspiration to write this particular story was very strong, but how does one keep the inspiration going past that? After six years of working on a project, how do you muster the inspiration to stay excited about it? Somehow, I do. It’s a problem that can also apply to just about anything in life–projects, training, working on your dream job. So here are a few things I do that help me stay inspired and keep working at it.
When I woke up, I got some food, then called Aunt Sue to talk about Miche. I gave her some pointers, and answered any questions that she had. We chatted for about an hour. Then, after we were done talking, Kim and I went to the Dollar Tree and to Costco. Kim wanted a membership, and I needed a few basics.
In response to this, we can only reply that laws, treaties, and the like are human constructs and therefore open to being changed by human efforts on the basis of human concerns. And changed they will be, sooner or later. If it disapproves, the EU will just have to invade us and show us the error of our ways.
Publisher shall pay Author royalties in accordance with a schedule to be determined at Publisher’s discretion but in no event shall payment be made later than forty-five (45) days from the end of the month royalties are collected. Royalties will be calculated from the first of the month through the last day of the same month. Payment shall be made by Paypal, or corporate check, to Author or Author’s authorized agent. Author understands that royalties will be paid in the following month copies of the Work are paid for by consumers, distributors or vendors, not to exceed forty-five (45) days after the end of the payment period. If distributors or vendors delay payment to Publisher, Publisher is not obligated to pay the royalty until it has been paid by the distributor or vendor. Publisher agrees to take such reasonable measures as Publisher’s sales technology permits to obtain and include, in royalty statements, information about the number of copies created, shipped, sold, and if appropriate, returned for each Digital / Print Format edition of the Work whether sold from Publisher’s website or through other channels of distribution.
Sadly, Jean Byrne is a no-show for the weather report. Maybe she turned up naked tonight. So there you have it.
Someone had cut the padlock that secured the door of our unit and had dumped all of my Christmas decorations on the floor. After the initial shock wore off, Sverre and I concluded that they must have been drug addicts, or someone like that, for nothing of value was taken. The old laptops, the winter barn jackets, the sled...nothing that could have been easily transported and sold was gone. Instead, all that was missing was a box full of cheap Christmas decorations from Nille, the Norwegian equivalent of the dollar store.
Powering the globe
-Fast Shipping!
And then in the 50′s or the 60′s the Matzah Pizza came, which no sane pizza enthusiast would ever put in their mouth or even remotely call a Pizza. Especially since virtually all Matzah Pizzas were made with horrible processed jarred sauces which were Kosher for Passover knockoffs of stuff like RAGU or Pizza Quick.
“But it isn’t just the project.” She managed that holier-than-thou tone he hated. “You also got D’s on both tests, and never bothered coming in after school to make them up.”
Also, God is currently at Day 15 of the freezing stage. I don't imagine this can yield any, even in the slightest, positive results, but shit, who knows? We shall see what we shall see
Who read blog after blog after blog trying to prepare her heart for what she was about to see? This sister.
Here is the original message sent to me:
(e-mails from my in-laws in Quebec tonight inform me that they're experiencing a bit of snow, so I thought this little drawing might still be climatically appropriate, if not seasonably so)
It seems that both Dominik and Victoria conned Conrad with a piece of art and that’s how Victoria seperated from Dominik and met Conrad.
2. If you are a fairly knowledgeable person (or god forbid an expert) regarding the subject matter being taught, and choose to take a “basics” class anyway, you will shut your mouth and not come off like a pompous know-it-all ass.
Massages
53. Curtains For You-After Nights Without Sleep (Spark & Shine)
For over two years the radio and television advertisements for the Mexican brew Dos Equis have featured the unnamed "Most Interesting Man in The World." His ability to speak French in Russian and other such feats has made the character a legend in advertising as well as in popular culture.
care about all the people with sick kids. I don’t care about prisoners who want
He still hasn't reached Johan-like velocity. For now, Santana still has short term goals to reach. And I have a hunch Johan will be challenging himself tonight. He has only made to the fifth inning in each of his two starts. That has to do with pitch-count also. But obviously, the aim will be for him to join-up with the rest of the rotation in reaching the sixth inning. So I'm merely saying we are not out of the woods yet. There's always the not-so-remote possibility he can over-extend himself.
I finally got the Winter Butterfly done after several aborted starts. I tried doing the body in white, size 30 and the wings in pale gray, size 30, along with a silver blending filament, but it simply looked like mismatched whites, so I took the body off (which I'd done twice already because I forgot the antennae and then added the upper wing wrong three times!) and made a new one in the pale gray. The silver shows up much better with the gray but you can't see it in the first scan.
In recent years, however, a system of graphic symbols based on dance notation has allowed the world’s signed languages to be captured on paper. What’s more, the system’s advocates say, it may furnish deaf children with a long-sought bridge to literacy in English and other spoken languages, often a great struggle for signers.
Toward the end, she was hard to understand. She was always yelling, but the palsy made it hard to tell what she was saying. She’d get frustrated when I didn’t hear her right. I’d bring her soup, and she’d yell and throw it ‘cause what she wanted was something else.
4. Washington Redskins
One about friendship. And one that will be a video of me showing you a play by play on how to make this gorgeous wreath for fall time.
The Committee, which will have Chief Secretary and state DGP as members, is supposed to become operational “within an hour” of the release of Menon, according to the agreement.
Phirni is a dish that is basically made with rose water and gulkand, or badam phirni or even kesar phirni. Since rose essence was available, it was made instead of the other two.
Betsy called upon her guide Orion, Jesus Christ, and Archangel Michael, as she always does. The energy in the room got thicker, and I felt activity around my head, as at the first class. The first exercise we did was also similar to what happened in the CI class: we were supposed to ask for three guides to show themselves to us and give us their names and a message.
Me: And yet beer and wine are just fine.
BLITZER: Let’s take another question from the audience here. Go ahead, please. What is your name?
Laura, the author of the original link, talks about fat, fertility, and how women are supposed to have a certain amount of fat to be able to have children. This is the marker of their ‘fitness,’ ultimately.
Decline Push-Ups 16 knees on chair 20 full
Our refugee system is for real refugees not bogus ones like yourselves. We know you're actually economic migrants posing as refugees to gain quick and easy entry into shopping-mall-Canada so you can greedily pursue your materialist fantasies post haste. It's a loftier ambition to stay in post civil-war Sri Lanka and contribute to the future prosperity and stability of the nation by helping to heal the wounds made by ethnic rivalries. This will greatly benefit the lives of future generations of Sri Lankans. But who cares about them? F**k 'em, as they say. You only care about yourself. You want stuff and you want it now which is why you decided to make a refugee claim in Canada even though you really aren't one.
If Charlie Poole or Fiddlin' Doc Roberts would have used recording equipment by today's standards, listen to this album and you know what it would have sounded like. "Barn Dance" by Little Black Train is an album full of authentic, traditional old-time music right from the mountains. In the same category as the Black Twig Pickers, Little Black Train covered a lot of old tunes by familiar rural mountain artists.
This card would be great to use for upcoming Graduations. You could recreate this card using the school colors and you would be set.
Some tests have essay parts, and one teacher said that she marked me low because she couldn’t understand my handwriting. Again, I tried to write more neatly, but when I did this, I got lower marks. Why? If I try to make my handwriting neat, I’d have to write slowly. Slowing down my scribbles makes me forget the ideas that have popped into my head. If I forget these ideas, all I have left are the mediocre ones, and they are the ones that get inked on the page and graded by the teacher. I had to make a decision. I began to weigh the costs of my bad handwriting verses the benefits of jotting down interesting ideas. I realized that I’d rather run the risk of not being understood for the possibility of saying something brilliant.
Dawkins' does write some appalling rubbish very early on. Included in his list of things that only occurred because of religion he mentions the Troubles in NI/Ireland, well I would tend to the argument that the IRA (and other) campaigns were largely carried out because the IRA saw themselves as freedom fighters seeking to oust an invading army from their homeland and that as such religion played a very minor role. He also claims that the Gunpowder Plot could not have happened without religion, yet there have been numerous coups and assassinations (including the murder of Prime Minister Spencer Perceval) which have as their prime motivators politics, power, revenge or money.
The sides -
Dear Dr. Laura
René & Jess
Glad that I live am I;
And the armies which are in heaven, clothed in fine linen, white and clean, were following Him on white horses.
The flowers were made from white card that I stamped with a Wendy Vecchi text stamp and then I used the Paper Artsy Scallop Flower die. I assembled the flowers and then used my new Melting Pot to coat them with UTEE to make porcelain flowers. For the leaves I blended Weathered Wood DI over some white card stock and then screwed it up to break the fibres. Then I used DI direct to the card and then ironed it on the reverse side. I used the Tattered Leaves die to cut the leaves out. The text is a Wendy Vecchi stamp that I've masked off and stamped each line separately.
“In the film The Matrix, Keanu Reeves plays a character who moves in and out of the real world. He might have thought he was having a similar experience while defending a recent legal action in Canada. Reeves was sued by Karen Sala, a woman he said he had never met but who claimed that he had disguised himself as her husband and, over 25 years, fathered her four children.”
Much of the criticism is shot through with communist propaganda and pejoratives of the day. Lest someone accuse me of being inflammatory, the contemporary critics of the captains of industry were unapologetic leftists, like Eugene Debs, proud socialist. So we at least need to evaluate the situation with this in mind.
“For a sunburn?”
17 - Money In My Pocket
But despite many services that are being delivered to all refugees in terms of education, Sudanese women are falling behind the fast and free learning here in Australia. This creates constraints for those women in terms of job interviews, using banks, hospitals and transport services and liaising with Centrelink. This is not a simple problem and no one is to blame for it, except the causes of the original conflict and Government negligent in Sudan.
Specifics is key.
Inasmuch as such statements have been given wide publicity through the press and are misleading public opinion on this subject, therefore,
I'm amazed that they continued to brew for as long as they did in the Meadow Brewery. 7 quarters is enough to brew 28 barrels of normal strength beer. Which leaves the annual capacity of the brewery at around 8,000 barrels.
I've been really busy for the last few weeks with pretty much every aspect of my life. There's been a lot of work, and stress, and change; and yesterday, in the midst of a move, I decided to take some time to unwind while doing something I love: cooking with beer! What follows is the best recipe I've come up with for Carbonnades Flamandes yet. What makes this one really stand out is that I smoked the meat prior to continuing with the rest of the recipe. It gives it a great red color, and adds a ton of flavor that melds well with the rest of the dish.
What happens when resources become scarce and society starts to crumble? As the competition for resources pulls America's previously stable society apart, the "New Normal" is a Soft Apocalypse. This is how our world ends; with a whimper instead of a bang.
“Being secretive again?” She suggested and waltzed down the landing, “Oh, Mum says dinner’s ready.”
But I'm also not sure what to write about now. I used to write detailed multi-part fantasies, which was a lot of fun...but it was also time-consuming and hard work, and I lack both the inspiration and the energy for that now. Even Flash Fiction Friday, which I've dearly loved, isn't giving me the spark it used to. Last week's picture was one I'd ordinarily gobble right up, but I let it pass untouched.
At least 4 million square feet of office buildings are in the planning stages in Brooklyn and Queens, not including Forest City Ratner's Atlantic Yards development.
(One of God’s prophets) to interpret the writing for him.
The trouble with Menahem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir was that they sounded as foreign and alien as their Palestinian rivals – and their suits were not as smart as Abba Eban’s had been.
The Resolutions passed without any problems, and while it is nice to be asked, this is the sort of thing that is the second feature, the lower billed, less talked-about film. Nothing big on those ones, and no surprises.
HAMUUL: Mmhmm.
The winds of Thor are blowing cold
【sgt.】is very active on the live circuit and even run their own semi-regular event called “seimei” which brings together the best in the Japanese indies scene. Bands like 54-71, good music, OVUM, win a sheep free, The World Heritage, and other bands have graced the event with their presence. In 2005, they released their first mini-album, “perception of casualty” with the help of the engineering skills of one of Toe’s members. Sgt. then released a split with good music the following year. Their newest release, Stylus Fantasticus was released in 2008 internationally by HearJapan.
In one bowl have your bread crumbs/panko. In another combine the olive oil, lime juice, and salt and pepper to taste. Dip you roll into the wet mixture first and then into the bread crumbs/panko. Cover well with crumbs. Place seam-down on a greased baking dish. Spray top with a light dusting of olive oil cooking spray… this will make everything turn a wonderful golden-brown!
60. Cf. Baudelaire:
That cerebellar tremor is the reason I put up with the drinking for so long. I have no concept of what it would be like to have my right arm be nearly useless when I try to move it. Drinking alcohol was the only thing that helped calm the tremors. Ironically, the doctors have noted this as well. My husband went to a neurologist who specializes in movement disorders looking for some hope. The doctor said “There’s not a lot out there that will help your arm. Alcohol will but you run the risk of becoming an alcoholic.”
“Ron”: (Taking his android, the size of a small book, out of his pocket and making a finger gestures like a voodoo priest over the phone). I can highlight the letters that I want to type and it will automatically enter the word…see?
He goes on. Not to describe chords or influences, but to describe life in the way healthy fifty year old men tend to do in Irish pubs. “There are only two kinds of music: good and bad,” he states. I nod.
I used my Gypsy & Imagine to design & create this card.
The Dr. Perricone acai health benefits are found here. He lists superfoods you can eat for maximum benefits. Take a look!
Having a homebirth is an amazing experience. It was so wonderful to be able to get into my own bed with my baby. Everything went perfectly. The midwives were great. It was a real luxury to have two midwives undivided attention throughout my labour, in a hospital they would be coming in and out. I understand its different for everyone, but if you are young and healthy and low risk, I think having your baby at home is a good option.
With 16 years of making personal care products under their belt, I am sure that you will love EO and their products! I am super excited to have found them, and we will stocking our bathtubs with the EveryBody soaps. I for one and interested in trying out some of their other products like foaming hand soap, their all purpose home cleaning soaps, and the new organic deodorant.
Except maybe Roman Polanski. He'll probably find himself loving every aspect of Trevor the Rat, a pornographer who likes to drug and rape aspiring actresses.
“The boss says you can come in,” said the man nodding his head toward the room.
Me: You're right. It shouldn't matter to you as long as you enjoy what you're doing. That's really great.
Yes I guess everyone fits into a pet category. What am I? Well, I am covered in dog hair; I have a pooper-scooper in my right hand and my checkbook in my left. When I walk into Petsmart they greet me by name as I grab some fish food and pick the birdseed out of my hair. So…. you be the judge.
It’s not a film for everyone, but Combs made a name for himself in the B horror movie circuit with his portrayal of West. Since making Re-Animator Gordon has continued to make horror films including two sequels starring Combs as West.
Came home and Skyped with the family. (Happy Mother's Day, Mama!) Eithen is changing, but still gives me lots of kisses on the webcam. Good to talk with everyone (except Caleb and Stephen who were spending the night at a friend's). Afterwards I did some crazy baking and made lemon bars for our team dinner with another batch to take to school. I also made more granola. Tired, but in a better mood by bedtime.
Bathroom is the next best place to invest cash in the home. Even relatively minor updates to your bathroom can produce a return on investment of over 150%. Because toilets fit neatly over existing plumbing, they’re surprisingly easy to install. And just like kitchen faucets, look for modern water-saving toilets that will both save on your water bills and appeal to energy-conscious buyers when it’s time to sell.
I get really touchy feely. I also do this eye lock/bottom lip bite.
They quickly become a favorite couple of E!’s reality television shows. They have the most desirable relationship, to me at least, because they are so real with each other even when most couples fall apart in front of the media, it seems to keep them more down to earth than ever (which is impressive).
My computer is located on the first floor in a room with a sliding glass door that opens into our dog/chicken yard. We never use the door for entering or exiting the room and instead just view it as a very large window in the room. It brings light.
Wealth, to all intents and purposes was in the hands of the Malays albeit kept amongst the political elites. The banks, insurance companies, Petronas and all the major corporations seem to be in the hands of the Malays.
for free
A third tip that Jude gives us is to keep ourselves in the love of God. Now, what is this exactly? In John 15 Jesus tells His disciples ‘… the Father has loved me, so have I loved you. Abide in my live. If you keep my commandments, you will abide in my love…’ Jesus is highlighting the need for obedience. Now, why does God ask for our obedience when we’re struggling with trials in life?
-combine all ingredients, spread in a 8x8 pan sprayed with non-stick spray
Okay, so let's try to summarize here. I think you have the roots of a good query here. You clearly have the writing chops, and I can tell, after sifting through my confusion, that you've got a vibrant and entertaining world here, but your main problem is too much detail, and too many named characters, so much so that everything else gets buried.
It actually understates the case, because the original $800 billion of the stimulus plan was spent in fiscal 2009, meaning Obama and the progressives spent it but the deficit gets added to Bush's total because the original budget was proposed, past and signed during his presidency (standard procedure). But when you add in the stimulus, the amount below of $4.99 trillion that Obama added to the deficit is closer to $5.8 trillion.
I think she’s trying to shift the responsibility on to somebody else. Now it’s somebody else’s fault. Well, no, you said it. And I just what like she says, ‘You need to go out and do the right thing.’” “And she needs to own it and claim it. She said it.”
“Did you wish?” Kathy nods again and flashes a pretty smile.
Who would care about such a thing? About exactly where all of the groceries were loaded?
This slick publication “describes environmental, safety and health problems throughout the nuclear weapons complex and what the DOE is doing to address them.” (from the “Forward”)
1/2 cup plus 2 T. lemon juice
No exceptions.
Invisible Children (IC) swept the university campuses of America last year. The group wanted to mobilize college students to be aware of what happened in Uganda in recent years, the atrocious acts of Joseph Kony and his rebel group, the Lord’s Resistance Army (LRA). I heard about Invisible Children for the first time when I was researching Uganda. I was immediately fascinated by their website. It’s very well done, but I noticed one thing. It lacked real information. If you haven’t seen the film or know nothing about their purpose, let me catch you up to speed with my version. Three clueless college kids head to Sudan with no plans and no idea about what they’re going to find. They’re looking for a “story”. They leave Sudan and make their way into Uganda. They find some bad stuff going on there. So they made a MTV-esque DVD about what was happening there. They wanted to draw attention to what they found.
Soul Hunter refers to the protagonist, Talos. An appropriately complex lead character, he's a former apothecary of the Night Lords legion, now a vision-tortured prophet serving a Daemon-possessed captain aboard a ramshackle vessel full of battle-brothers that despise one another and enslaved humans forced to dwell in the perpetual darkness the Night Lords favour.
Also, the last picture in the post finishes off the behind-the-scenes for this event. It is a picture of me tweeting and blogging at the same time and Eric captured it right after the event. It is what I usually do after every event so I thought you should see how all of the events end!
Dies and Punches - Snowflake nestabilities,Fiskars border punch
We know we said we would post more, but right now we are swimming in shit. The proverbial and the literal.
simply mash everything together, make sure to have some tortilla chips on hand, and watch how it disappears before your eyes!
12/10/09
Clay once shaved in small
The whole passage from Ovid is of great anthropological interest:
I shall repeat it once and for all – any online encyclopaedia is to be used responsibly. However, the authors claim that it is not less reliable than other encyclopaedias, since it is dynamically created by scholars. Errors committed in articles are quickly corrected and the site grows larger and larger. It is also easily noticeable that names of well-known fathers of linguistics such as Chomsky or Yule appear frequently in the sources, alas the information does not come from nowhere.
Cover is $10 / $7 for members and Craft Brewer’s Conference attendees (with badge); 21+ only
- We demand government funding for the expansion of our youth activities, which play a vital role in keeping the younger generation out of trouble, and concentrate their minds on wholesome activities such as rallies, processions, camps, pogroms, etc.
Now for the uneducated, rugby is a very physical game and cuts and bleeding are par for the course of a normal game (this weekend is a prime example where a team-mate of mine needed stitches in the top of his head after being kicked, by accident). Because of these types of diseases, we are no longer allowed such things as a bucket of water and sponge to clean cuts as infections can be spread in this manner. I know every time I walk on to the pitch, I run the risk of receiving an infection (ridiculously small risk, but still present), but I never think of it and it never really concerns me. However, I’m not so sure I can say the same thing now.
Come Closer To Me
I guess I'd better get busy and get my tree decorated as it's only 7 days until Christmas. It's standing in the living room completely undecorated. I had a bazillion things to do today before we could go to my significant other's great niece's 2nd birthday party. And somehow the tree decorating didn't happen. I need to find one of those light connector things that you can feed through the tree to connect all of your lights to because our other one was broken when we got it out to use it. We've had it so long that I don't even know if they make them any longer. I'll look for it after work tomorrow. Then I can get the tree decorated. I guess that means I can leave it up longer after the holidays 'cause it's taken me so long to get it decorated. Works for me. All the other decorations are finally finished. Finally...
Several tables were set up. A small group of serious women served food from large foil containers. It smelled delicious. There were flowers lining the perimeter.
I posted a copy of the DVD my animation is on, for some reason, HAHA!
15 push press (95#/65#)
It is popular during festive occasions or wedding in South East Asian countries. To avoid sticking to the bottom of the pan, stir constantly and make use of your non stick utensil if you have. Adjust the dry chili used according to your tolerance, normally this is quite spicy with a hint of sweetness.
On Thursday, Kate put Alex to bed just as his eyelids got heavy and left the room. He immediately started crying. The crying intensified once he realized Kate wasn't coming right back in. Three minutes passed. Kate went in to comfort him without picking him up. The crying subsided momentarily, then picked up as she left the room. Six minutes passed. I went into the room, stroked his chest and told him everything was going to be all right. Then I left and the crying picked up again.
Pinterest suddenly had the uncanny ability to make me feel like a failure at life.
Distortion or not, German galleries are not impressed with the Commission's thinking. Many, including the Deutscher Kunstrat (German Council of Fine Arts) and the Federal German Gallery Association, are trying to prevent the threatened tax increase. Some have also pointed out that German galleries are already required to pay additional taxes which those in other countries are not, and that the artists' resale right is strictly enforced in Germany - leaving them particularly vulnerable.
If Moshe Rabbeinu would be there, which minyan would he choose to join?
"Come on in, Mom! The water's just right!"
Milwaukee Brewers
The inner panel is a piece of Whisper White card stock that was embossed using the Framed Tulips Embossing Folder. I used the new P.S. I Love You stamp set for the both sentiments.
Big ol' belly
To make a 5x 7 tri- shutter card, I started with a sheet of 12 x18 cardstock, and then I cut it down to 7x 15 inches. I love the size and boldness of this card, especially for little boys.
When the chiles are roasted to your taste, fill them with the beans and the chopped up meat and enjoy!
Western Oregon University’s 19th Annual Pow Wow, hosted by the Multicultural Student Union, featured a well-attended grand entry and a consistent exhibit of dancing and visiting through the afternoon.
walls and flooring to get at the copper piping. When the tenants replied asking for
So per the Sunshine Award rules, here comes the detail –
Sometimes I hear about other faculty and students not enjoying A Passage to India, and I find it incredibly strange. This book has all the elements of a good book: drama, tragedy, romance, poetry, and suspense, but I suppose no one can relate to an arse-licking character, although so many of us are trying hard to kiss our way up. Many cannot imagine pre-colonisation India, and many see the British civilising semi-naked people running around with spears in their mind’s eye. Many of us are guilty of still seeing the developing world in a similar way, and we pick on their objects of worship, their clothing, and their language. Non-Western translates to savage today. I am ashamed I have fallen into the trap of this ideology.
In a giveaway sweeter than a Lawrence’s Bakery chocolate-rum doberge cake, Broussard’s former consigliere, excuse me, chief administrative officer, Tim Whitmer, e-mailed, on March 25, 2009, Antoinette Scott instructing her to include in the capital budget $340,000 for road and drainage improvements for the site occupied by Mr. Bubbles Carwash.
Add melted butter.
I looked forward to it year after year.
Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas ... Disney (west) ... 12 PM
Sarawak not only contributes an enormous percentage of revenue to the federal government and to the coffers of ruling party Umno, Najib also needs the parliamentary seats from the state to cling to power.
- cucumber
Kraft Cardstock - Recollections
Bring water and vinegar to a boil and add salt and sugar. Stir until dissolved. Reduce the heat to medium and add in all the spices leaving out the garlic(and dill). Let the spices steep in the brine for 10 minutes. I use one of these tea catchers to hold the spices so I don’t have to strain them at the end.
Here’s some photos for you. OH! And I dyed my hair blue. It’s the first time in many, many years that my hair has been something other than purple, black and red. It makes me feel chipper and child-like. …More so than usual, anyways. My laptop crashed after it updated and so i’m using an old one. This post is going to be a mess of things I want to show you and random things that have not ceased to make me giggle at 1am.
Joseph Anthony Eacobacci, 26, New York, N.Y.
R2-50- ch1, turn, sc in each
In every single way?
“Is there no one common mark of the wrong heart, which is to be seen in all whom God has not changed? Yes! there is; and to that common mark of the wrong heart I now request your attention. There is a most striking and instructive figure of speech, which the Holy Ghost has thought fit to use, in describing the natural heart. He calls it a “stony heart.” (Ezekiel 11:19.) I know no emblem in the Bible so full of instruction, and so apt and fitting as this one. A truer word was never written than that which calls the natural heart a heart of stone. Mark well what I am going to say; and may the Lord give you understanding!
“Miss, are you OK? Is this man bothering you.”
When Z came around I said " Zippity Do Daaaaa!"
What kind of the relationships was she looking for and as far as that did she end up with Scott or end up with other teacher want to find out then better go watch the movie due out in theater on June 24, 2011.
lily: noooooo
WILBUR FULFS brot 500 lb pig feed $36.00 Also the assessor came at noon at Howards.
I think it’s clear Weeden will make or break this draft for a lot of people, and I’m one of them. I think Tom Brady would have had a losing record with last years’ supporting cast, with only one legitimate NFL wide receiver in Greg Little and a running game that makes grown men cry (in the bad way). Richardson should fix the latter, and our offensive line is better. Maybe Weeden is Kurt Warner 2.0; maybe he’s Chris Wenke. He has talent, unlike Wenke, but he never bagged groceries (that I know of), so obviously I can’t tell if he’s the next Warner.
I would like to go to Conclusions, but you have to jump. I’m not too much on physical activity anymore.
3:
By Dennis Abrams
There’s that cold spell that hits us during the pre-holiday weeks that typifies winter, and above all, Christmas. The mad rush and clamor that is Brooklyn still prevails, but now folks are glad to be hurried, for it warms their bodies and makes their skin tingle…
This is why I always smile. In my head there’s only one though: ” I LOVE PEOPLE.” And even when people are trying really hard ton be unlovable…I still do. I just let them have a really hard time trying to do unlovable things and push fearfully all this wisdom away. The problem is…this never flinches. Because it is a choice I make, from the awareness that: No matter what happens, life goes on. So I might as well LOVE and SMILE about it.
NOW IS YOUR CHANCE TO WIN A $25 GIFT CARD, SO YOU CAN GO ON A SOCK SHOPPING SPREE TOO!
2 market
It was much better, of course, when the extended family was still strong, and when people lived in real communities -- not 'communities' as the left likes to use that word today. People often lived in the same town or county for most, or all, of their lives. Fewer people lived in urban areas where people can live all their lives without even knowing their neighbors, much less caring for them.
Why is Virginia’s life and death relevant to Terrible Truth’s pursuit of “Obama” lies?
Misty Neufeld-Gordley
The Sarasota County Sheriff’s Office has arrested five St. Petersburg residents in a scheme to steal nearly $11,000 merchandise from a Sarasota store on Monday.
“Sh,” Brulee replied, her voice a barely audible whisper. “There are people outside. I think they have blocked the exit.”
15"x15" on paper, collage, molding paste, acrylic and white ink.
Pesto Pasta~
My old Wall Street boss used to sit down in the basement of his big house and watch movies all weekend because he didn’t have the time to make any friends in the town where he lived and because his wife was so exhausted from raising his kids that she fell asleep early.
I hate that this is even a topic of conversation when I'm only 7 weeks pregnant. I wish we could just have a normal pregnancy and know that we will take this baby home, but we have to prepare for "ifs." I hope so much that I won't have any more bleeding and this pregnancy will be very successful. Please send positive thoughts our way if you can.
We added the Galaxy S II to the first round of tests for good measure. As you can see from the crops, in good lighting the Galaxy S III tends to produce images with more detail than both its predecessor and the HTC One X.
Contact Information
Date(s): Sunday, May 6, 2012 7:30 AM to 11 AM Burlington High School
4. Images of This and That: Photographic images that fit in an Ikea frame – no custom framing required so it’s easy to start your gallery wall!
Robertson never duplicated his feat and developed arm trouble that plagued him the rest of his career. Charlie's accomplishment that day would be the last perfect game in the majors until Game 5 of the 1956 World Series.
Places we’re going and people we’re seeing…this week was a little slow. Mostly just sports practices and games. But it was what we needed after two week of full blast madness.
The perverse soul which takes its joy in this passing hour has here its day. Here it finds the things that content it; for a while it takes its joy in earthly things, for a while it takes it is puffed up with vanity, for a while it grows feeble through bodily pleasures, and then when it has lost its fear of the judgment to come, it has peace in its own day: to find it a grave stone of stumbling on that other day of its damnation. For there it shall be afflicted, while the just rejoice; all the things that are now for its peace, will then be changed into bitterness of contention: for it will begin to rage within itself, for having closed its eyes from seeing the evils to come. For this reason He says to it: but now they are hidden from thine eyes. For the perverse soul that is given over to temporal things, and weakened by bodily pleasures, blinds itself to the evils that pursue it; for it turns from looking ahead at things to come, lest they trouble its present delight. And in abandoning itself to the allurements of this life, what else is it doing but hurrying with closed eyes towards the everlasting fire?
Her first book, An Alpha’s Path, is the first in her Redwood Pack series. She’s also an avid reader and lover of romance and fiction novels. She loves meeting new authors and new worlds. Any recommendations you have are appreciated. Carrie Ann lives in New England with her husband and two kittens.
The list of foods they eat is short, so any time a novelty is accepted I am over the moon. These chicken fingers of Melissa Clark´s were gobbled up enthusiastically yesterday. Or rather, a hastily improvised version, with pork, no more spice than cumin and garlic, and I cooked them under the broiler instead of heating up the oven. This means it´s a golden recipe; if you can improvise so much and it´s still delicious it´s a weeknight winner.
Are you praying for your child? Are you praying for someone else’s child? Would you like to add some verses for mothers to cling to and claim as they pray for their children’s salvation?
I don't really think I am normally that quirky. However, I ran track through high school and college and got it in my head that I ran better in a particular pair of socks. So every race I ran during those years I would wear the same pair of socks. (I washed them of course-but was always terrified that the dryer would eat them.) By the time I had finished my career, those socks had traveled the country with me and they had no elastic left and were barely holding together. They gave new meaning to the phrase "floppy socks."
8.Do you buy lottery tickets?
Children understand this as well. When I asked several classes of third graders what an author needs to write a good sequel, it became clear that they understood the importance of a little change grounded by a lot of consistency.
Leigh’s experience also concludes on an up note:
Absalom
With just potato, flour, and some seasoning, come these delicate little treasures. The process seems intimidating, and the legends are terrifying tales of gnocchi gone wrong, but trust: If I can make these, you can make these. I'm the one who lit her microwave on fire. Twice.
In and out of these blue lines like I’m sexin the page.
“I'll do my best,” he said.
A couple of weeks ago be bought a new car.... for me!! It's a 2011 Infiniti Q56, black with black interior and its freaking huge!! It seats 7 comfortably. I used to drive a small car and this is sooo different for me. I can drive it, but I have to admit that I have popped a few curbs. :-) I love it though and we are going to keep it forever... and hopefully fill it with kids. :-)
The mom struggled with a bottle in one hand and her fork in another but only momentarily. Wordlessly, her husband appeared from the other side of the table, removed the bottle from her hand, and nodded in the direction of the place he had been seated. She swapped seats with him and proceeded to eat her lunch in peace while he proceeded to feed the baby in the pram, bottle, dinner in a dish he removed from the baby bag, et all.
“When they write my obituary. Tomorrow. Or the next day. It will say, Leo Gursky is survived by an apartment full of shit”
When a patentee offered evidence of copying by the accused infringer, willfulness was found almost two-thirds (62.7%) of the time. In contrast, when there was no evidence that the accused infringer had copied, willfulness was found less than a third (29.9%) of the time. Copying was particularly important when judges made the final decision on willfulness, as the absence of any evidence of copying almost always (92.3%) resulted in a finding of no willfulness.
new local bands?
horde ( thank you, Sigmund) .. Keep reading the books and the runes, Lord L
The reason I have it is because I managed to win a prize of 4 assorted beers from a raffle draw on the recent Nagano Trading December to Remember beer party.
- Blog about this giveaway. Leave a comment indicating that you've done so and post the link in a comment for 3 extra entries.
“Now getting to college has been part of the American dream for generations, Senator,” ABC’s George Stephanopoulos asked Santorum in an interview on “This Week. “Why does articulating an aspiration make the president a snob?”
Thanks for all your comments and support!
I guess being the odd one out in the entire Caribbean and insisting there needs to be more ethnic parity on the CCJ and watching Portia Simpson-Miller receive more plaudits than her for embracing the CCJ (whose headquarters housed in Trinidad) was too much and she had to get in on the action and limelight.
Sorry the pic is blurry, zoom isn't the greatest. I was disappointed in these feet. The fronts where shod and looked long too.
I was in a tough time in my life, going from kid to preteen, and Relda became a very good friend. I would, very contentedly, talk to Relda–quite at length, as a matter of fact. Relda did most of the talking, though. He is kinda an attention hog. He interrupts even more than I do.
The Origins blogfest is very similar, which makes me so excited! I can't wait to read everyone's Origin story. Last time, I wrote about what gave me the spark to write. This is what gave me the spark to BECOME A WRITER.
Once and for all, I’m just curious, Mom. I’m not scared of the men, the questions, or the answers.
The composition featured here, “Saint Anne’s Reel,” started out as a French Canadian fiddle tune and has since spread far and wide. I used to think people knew it in New England because it’s a staple of contra dancing, but I’ve since run into it all over the place.
"I don't know. We'll have to see. Do you remember what to do when the door opens?"
Clark’s not on solid ground when it comes to hidden agendas. As deputy Prime Minister and Labour’s key strategist at the 1990 election she helped perpetrate the big lie of that campaign.
TIP: Prepare pan of polenta and the sauce the night before. Cut polenta into large squares and quickly pan fry to warm up before eating (while warming up the sauce). If you are dairy free or would like a quicker ragu, just mix browned sausage with a jar of organic pasta sauce.
So that all really goes back to yourself again. Work on your self, who you are as a person to know that you do not ever need a man or anyone to validate who you are as a person.
Supporting casts: Eugene Domingo, Ian de Leon, Rosanna Roces, Edgar Allan Guzman, Nadine Samonte, Bembol Rocco, Alwyn Uytingco, Karel Marquez, Raquel Villavicencio, Eula Caballero,
2002: 140 deaths
Amy's Blog - Amy picked a winner and contacted them personally
Gosh Velvet Touch Eyeliner, Black Ink
Voila!!
You can choose any jam you like – I just happened to have my mother-in-law’s incredible homemade black currant jam on hand. I found this particular flavour so complimentary to the cookies, because it’s just the slightest bit sour. I recommend you go for a jam that runs along the same, tart lines as it creates a more sophisticated flavour pairing with the cookies themselves. Think of the final product as a grown-up version of PB&J, even though kids of all ages will go crazy for it. The AB&J – the A is for Almond not Adult. That would be boring.
Monday:
This sounds fun for all the little ladies out there. On Saturday March 13, 2010, Toys R Us will be having a Barbie Mermaid Party to celebrate the release of "A Mermaid Tale." It says their will be activities for kids and there is also a $2 off coupon to buy the DVD. March 13th Noon-2pm.
While no major areas of precipitation are forecast through Friday night as it appears now, with the increased temperatures, we’re in a rather summer-like pattern. As we know from the past, sometimes in the summer an isolated storm or two will pop up from time to time in the afternoon. Therefore, we can’t rule out one of these on any given day. Other than that – ENJOY THIS!
(Three plaintiffs in that case remain; two are entities owned by Henry Weinstein, who has not yet settled in the pending condemnation case but has agreed to vacate his property in exchange for an advance payment. He surely would be required to drop other litigation if he settles.)
Brian Hughes was born on June 27, 1985, and raised in South Armagh. He started out in his native Ireland riding as a Flat apprentice. Having graduated from the Racing Academy and Centre of Education in Kildare in 2002, he rode for trainer Kevin Prendergast who provided him with his first winner when Perugino Lady won an apprentice handicap at Downpatrick on October 9, 1992. After three seasons and 19 wins on the Flat, rising weight prompted a full-time switch to jump racing. He was connected to the James Lambe stable for the 2004/05 season but relocated to Britain and the County Durham yard of Howard Johnson for the 2005/06 campaign. His career flourished after becoming stable jockey at Alan Swinbank’s North Yorkshire yard, a move that saw him crowned champion conditional at the end of the 2007/08 season with 39 wins on the board, most of them for Swinbank and County Durham permit holder John Wade. He partnered
Taken from 'Fleet Foxes' (released June 2008)
6.) I know that you have John Hill stories. Please share one. Or two. Or ten.
String bundle pack of vintage sheet strings. Lots of colors and variety. Price is $4.00 plus shipping. Listing is HERE.
“These are our leftovers. This is what we-”
It is no coincidence that the FDA Chairman who stood in the way of aspartame’s approval was removed from office the day Ronald Reagan took office. His replacement (Dr. Arthur Hill Hayes) was in part planted there by Donald Rumsfeld, CEO of G.D. Searle (aspartame is produced by G.D. Searle Company), in order to allegedly get a friendly rubber stamp on aspartame’s approval.
It saves time and effort. Which means people won't get annoyed. You wouldn't like them when they're annoyed. And they wouldn't like you.
I must say sorry for the lack of posts but things will be back to normal after new year. Anyway I've been thinking about 2012 and what it will bring with it.
Ciphered its message,
Without You, Jesus. (Without You, Jesus) Without You, Jesus (Without You, Jesus)
I might have to bake a batch on Saturday because my college baby will be home for the weekend-I'm only a little excited!
Get insurance with God and do a good deed, settle down and stick to your last. Keep company with God, get in on the best. - Psalm 37:3-4
We decided to drive down to Marmaris, a 10 hour drive and spend the week at the summer house. It has been great. It is cool, about 60 and a little rainy but incredibly gorgeous. During the summer it is usually about 100 degrees so it is so nice to take walks along the sea or in the mountain without seriously worrying about heat stroke and death.
Another person, T., at the seder replied rather sharply to her: What about serial murderers, like the man in Toulouse who just murdered seven people, including three children? Can't you say of a person like that that he really is evil? Some people are just evil.
½ cup walnuts, chopped and toasted
PrairieFire Biofuels: 2231 S Stoughton Rd, Madison, WI 53704, 608-441-5454. Offers B100 (good in newer engines, not good for some older engines). Open 8-5 M-F (see also above)
*Sponges
Though Winston covered a dazzling array of subjects in this interview, one thing that really stood out for me was the fact that these liens constitute legal arrest warrants for the Federal Reserve conspirators.
Needless to say I was quite disappointed in their response, I was curious to know what all this mare might know and where she had been for the previous years ( I could trace her from the time she got to MN). She was a gorgeous wild bay color with an exotic dried clearly Arabian head, her conformation was quite nice too although she wasn't a big mare by any means ( 14.2-3). Mainly Polish bloodlines she was quite exotic looking. She had this quirky way of swinging her head when she wanted to see something, although her sight was fine in both eyes. Although to my knowledge she had no formal training of any type, I taught her to stand for a halter class, and entered her in the county fair once. She was so afraid before we entered that arena that she stood quietly next to me and trembled. She trusted me though and I think she knew I wouldn't let any harm come to her. Anyway, we took home the Champion Pleasure Mare trophy as well as the Best of 3 pleasure mares class. It was quite an exciting year for the Erickson household! I didn't ask Promise to show again, she had more than proved her worth at that show. I knew there was a chance she was in foal because my stallion had pasture bred her a couple of times in the spring. By the end of Sept 2004 it was clear she was in foal. I started checking her to see if I could feel the baby kicking in her. Low and behold, I could! This was more cause for celebration, so we invited our friends over for "feeling the baby kick" parties... She was a champ through all of this. Not knowing when she was officially bred ( and not wanting to spend the money to check), in Jan of 2005 I hauled her over to a good friend's house to foal her out ( she was already starting to bag up.) Her filly was born March 28th. I already had plans for Promise's foal, I gave her to a very good friend of mine for her 21st birthday ( that is another whole story). Promise was a terrific mother, but a terrible stall horse, she walked and walked and walked, made Darcie crazy, I am sure she was delighted when we finally brought Promise home...
We love that we have cultivated
And they won’t still unless the sperm donor comes forward, which he is under no obligation.
"What if I am?
7: I wanted a Mei Tai because I know from experience that they are really easy to get Nookie onto my back with by myself. And as that’s how I like to carry her now, and she prefers to be on my back so she can see what’s happening, I knew this was the sling for me this time. I did some research into the most supportive types, knowing the problems I’d had in the past, and settled on a Maya Wrap Mei Tai. It has straps that open out into a wrap, distributing the weight across your whole torso and avoiding the pressure on my boobs that I’ve had an issue with before.
You may enjoy discovering facts about – Dante degli Alighieri…
It HAD to have been his mom. Who would make sure that the necessary food groups were covered and that a growing boy had enough food to fill his stomach with him when he left the house? It HAD to have been his mom.
You know what? I don’t know why he was walking slowly; and actually, it doesn’t matter. At all. There’s no reason anyone should have to explain anything about Trayvon Martin’s behaviour that night. He wasn’t doing anything wrong. Walking slowly isn’t a crime in Florida, where the gated community is; nor is talking on a mobile phone; or carrying a bottle of iced tea and a bag of Skittles; or wearing a hoody; or wearing your hood up; or being young, black and male.
That is until I tried to leave the store.
He is survived by a daughter, Lily Oscar Bergman, and his sister, Wendy Kleckner.
Lastly, why i love dark chocolate? Because i love the bitter-sweet feeling!
A person, King of Pentacles, with the temperament of an earth or air sign (Taurus, Capricorn, Virgo) or Gemini. More likely a male, Gemini or Taurus, dark-skinned or dark personality, older, gray hair, graying. The person has been previously friendly with her–a relative or close friend. This person wants to “establish a relationship with her.” In a dark or perverted sense, a bit perverted-a sexual deviant OR on the other end, the King of Cups says, “relative, father, nephew, grandfather, uncle, husband. So again, a close friend or family member.
“GOD DAMN YOU, YOU BASTARDS!” I roared, slamming my fist into the steering wheel. “YOU’VE KILLED THE ALL-YOU-CAN EAT OVER-FIFTIES BUFFET!”
"Ruination Day, Part. 2" by Gillian Welch - From her masterpiece, Time (The Revelator). In my Top 10 favorite CDs of all time here.
Gabriella said that today we should play "tired" at Grandma's and all bring our pajamas. Perhaps keeping a 2 year old up all night is not a good idea, but she was oh so snugly all through the movie, and so wanted to be us for our "party".
So here is my real mommy after birth checklist.
He was presenting the bank’s annual report, and although not mentioning the Zuma executive by name, he referred to “a strange breed of leaders who are determined to undermine the rule of law and override the Constitution”.
Mr. David McClean,
There’s just one cardinal rule when it comes to being a bodyguard: no matter how tempting it may be, never, ever get romantically involved with the person you’re protecting. But as these sensual novellas prove, even the most important rules are made to be broken—again and again and again. Join acclaimed authors Lucy Monroe, Jamie Denton, and Elisabeth Naughton as they open the files on an undercover operative who finds a sexy surprise under his covers, a hot case involving mixed messages and mistaken identities, and a mission impossible protecting a provocative beauty who lives to love dangerously. Yeah, it’s a hard job, but someone’s gotta do it.
tired in a good way, but still, TIRED.
If you read the constitution of India, it clearly says in the Article 14,
(I always check your posts back to see if you have answered my words!)
Pot of Gold: Chopped cheese stick
I was in Porters and saw these darling stuffed animal blankets and thought I would give it a try!
But her daughter is my best friend.
“Harold, they were just errant Jehovah Witnesses looking for a place to rest their feet, or needing a gardener, always wanting donations, and belief. I made sure their toes were relaxed, the soil was tilled, and the donation a memory. Nothing special. Anyway, I’m not for hire. The last one I talked with sailed ship with a donkey, another woman, and a bag of pistachios.”
Obama was an alleged constitutional law professor; he taught on the subject and he is so wrong on so many levels in the statement he made yesterday. We simply have got to take a long, hard look at his law school records to see just what kind of constitutional lawyer he says he is.
Next, it is also important to describe our e-mail network. While the server is Linux, there is only one other Linux desktop (mine). The majority of our desktops are Windows XP Pro systems, with some Macs, and most users also have either an IPhone or an Android smart phone. Each of these uses different e-mail clients and methods of dealing with SSL encryption. But more on that soon.
Mud – Lean On Me
And I can't rise above it.
She fakes
How did it rank, for example, beside the Sarajevo market massacre?
Even in the few years that they had been together, Niikam had seen his partner save others from misfortune. Gangs also roamed the desolate lands outside of the cities and those on the outskirts were ignored by authorities. It was gang rule and that was one thing Jesphan did not stand by. He might be a mysterious stranger that took what he needed and lived without any connections to the city, but he did not believe in taking people’s lives or dignity. He had watched on one such occasion, late at night, when a gang had happened upon a lone farmhouse where a mother and daughter waited vigil for the father. Instead, these gruesome men happened upon the house, malice and savage thoughts clear in their eyes. Jesphan had waited patiently in the shadows until the group had descended upon the house. Niikam, out of fear, had sidled back deep behind a dead tree and when he had turned to see if anything had happened, his companion was gone. There was a short flash of light and a low, bang, almost like thunder, that rattled the window panes. Then, Jesphan had stepped out and walked past into the plains with no acknowledgement to the mother and daughter or to Niikam. He had thought about asking Jesphan in regards to what had happened, but thought better of it. Something about his partner’s stoic expression bent him to silence.
Via Joseph Lauer, a string of links-
I carried him into the vet’s office and they rushed us into the back. The vet examined him and confirmed for us what had become obvious. Stafford was at the end. I spent some time with him, rubbing his head and behind his ears. Telling him it was ok. He’d been a good boy. At first, his head was laying on the metal gurney and I knew he was uncomfortable. Schpup liked his softness so I asked them to give me a blanket for under his head. His front paws were wet with vomit and pee. In the fog of those moments, I was worried it was bothering him because he generally didn't like to be wet. But he was so ill, he couldn't lick his paws dry. There was a roll of paper towels nearby. I grabbed several to try to dry off his legs and paws for him. It's funny the things you think about in the lonely back room of your vet's office.
As I mentioned in another story, we lived in a mobile home (trailer is what it was, but I’m sure mobile home sounds more dignified). Around the time I turned 15, my dad and my uncle bought the park where we lived, which contained about 50 trailers. Now, I feel the need to explain something to those of you who are already turning up your noses. You don’t know anything.
“You were born in Tuscaloosa, Alabama.”
“We need to look into every nook and cranny of the federal government and find better results for less money . . . One of the great ways you can provide better service for less money is to do IT well and to do it smart,” Carper said, according to NextGov.
These studies will eventually be posted by the four of us who led these studies, as well as future studies that we will post often. We are all very excited about the journey we are about to embark with all of you! Let us all strive to be a virtuous woman whose "price is far above rubies" (Prov. 31:10).
The three chefs, all who have outdoorsy-type experience, are sent to remote locations in order to forage, hunt, and then cook inspired dishes with native ingredients using only the most primitive of cooking methods and the most basic culinary equipment and spices supplied (basically knives, pans and cooking vessels, salt and pepper only, no electric appliances allowed).
Now I know that many of you wonderful ladies were a tad envious of my little Noro-wool-extravaganza-charity shop-find in my last post.
More research is needed but that link between psychological and physical well-being makes sense, said Dr. Elizabeth Jackson of the University of Michigan and American College of Cardiology, who wasn’t involved with the review. Among her own heart patients, she has noticed that those who feel they have some control over their lives and are invested in their care have better outcomes.
Such a cool journey to watch God supply all my needs and to know that I was in the competition! Now I can add this Honorable Mention to my proposal, which can help catch the attention of other publishers.
Today was a nursery day for me. We had babies. Actual little babies. Not the sitting up, nearly walking little people I’m used to in there. Little, teenie, tiny infants. One of whom was actually awake. Not a good thing for this woman who has discovered that the biological clock is real and doesn’t care if you already have three. Even as she was screaming in my ear I was thinking I could do this one more time.
A few of our recent favorites:
Angela Duckworth, assistant professor at Penn, sums it up: “Here’s why: learning is hard. True, learning is fun, exhilarating and gratifying – but it is also often daunting, exhausting and sometimes discouraging . . . to help chronically low-performing but intelligent students, educators and parents must first recognize that character is at least as important as intellect.”
And it was pretty easy! My main problem was lack of moisture and too much heat. Before learning the tricks of the trade I was just washing my hair, conditioning for a few minutes and then frying it. Which is fine if you want to be bald eventually. But if you don’t more care is needed.
These numbers are frightening. As the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, or more commonly known as the “Super Committee”, meets in an attempt to put our country back on sound financial footing, they must look at significant Medicaid system reform. Spending on Federal entitlements (Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security) account for more than 40 percent of the U.S. budget. There is no way to reign in federal spending without finding significant savings in Medicaid programs.
I feel simultaneously empowered and intimidated. I want to explore this new world; I want to know its secrets.
The officer requesting the details (PC xxxxx) has been reminded of her powers/rights when requesting names and addresses of people, and has been advised that had further explanation had (sic) been given, any misunderstanding about why the information was required would not of (sic) arose. The station briefing sheet has also been updated to remind officers of their rights/powers.
While this does mean social media users can now control who views their comments and messages, in a strange mix of Google+ circles and direct messaging, it potentially has huge implications for brands and social listening as messages about their products will go un-noticed as hieroglyphics.
1 incantations
Beets
" There she goes! " there are other eyes watching her coming . . .
I stood up, and slung my bag onto my shoulder. “You’re never going to know,” I said, as his smug little grin slid off his face. And then I walked my nice ass right out the door.
Well, well, well, look who's here
ignoring what He was showing me because I was hoping for a different
I'd love to be making more, but our little boy's health is still needing lots of Mummy time, and the unpacking process from the big move is slow progress. Perhaps I'll make a few more before the end of Winter.
9. Skin eruptions: Rashes, bumps, acne, hives, and shingles. Anger produces outbreaks around the mouth and chin. I had a dermatitis on my extremities for several months that accompanied healing an episode from my past. When I had worked through most of the issue, the condition was released.
Now, I have never been fat like that – where people try to figure out the logistics of my sexual affairs.
I carry for you the light of forever. And the candle of hope for all things. For all things are of hope. And hope is your destiny.
Sounds like: The Beach Boys-meets-The Shangri La’s, if they’d both been lo-fi and fronted by a girl who loves cannabis and cats. First single from their second album, ‘The Only Place’, has country influences as well and drops the lo-fi.
Hope you can find someone or a pet to hug!
* Two additional JustRite $100.00 Shopping sprees!
‘There are no other rooms on that floor … have we counted right?
I am put in the position of reviewing a movie that I believe is a first class effort with material that I believe is hackneyed. The cast assembled for this film is top-notch with nearly every performance hitting the right notes. Leonardo DiCaprio gets a bad rap for allegedly bringing down the quality of Scorsese's recent output, but except for "Gangs", I think these films truly showcase how much of a better actor he has become. His performance is touching and haunting throughout, peaking during the moment when he discovers the bodies of his children. It is so wrenching to watch you would think the movie earned that emotion. Michelle Williams does a great job playing a figment of his imagination. Mark Ruffalo is as reliably good as he always is, as is Patricia Clarkson, Jackie Earle Haley, John Carroll Lynch and a hilarious Ted Levine. Even though Ben Kingsley is playing the type of role he can phone in at this point, he seems to be playing the role with a slight wink to the audience, as if fully aware of his typecasting.
The Thrifty Chicks was created in late 2008, when four friends decided that they needed a creative outlet for their thrift shopping expertise and their desire to “build a more robust reuse market.” With the pen names, Ms. Shopping Golightly, Ms. Gently Used, Ms. Goodie Wilhelmina, and Ms. Modern Mommie, these women write about shopping in a way that dispels the falsehoods of frugality.
Horace Dediu from asymco.com has also revisited this topic in his post “Which is best: hardware, software, or services?“. What’s striking is that all three companies (except Amazon) now have operating margins between 30-40% – very high for such large businesses – with Apple taking the top near 40%. Over the last 5 years, Apple has doubled it’s margin (20% to 40%), whereas Microsoft (35-40%) and Google (30-35%) remained near their levels.
So tomorrow I am off to the Big Apple for Fashion Week.
Yes. A glass shop. Who sells glass and plexiglass.
You the faithful few who make this a regular stop know that we spent a great amount of time and effort to warn the American public on this and other blogs. But alas, some did not listen.
Coffee lover – and I am for sure.
Deschutes Obsidian Stout
Of course I was a huge fan of the first album and thought that it was so ironic that Nas' collection of unreleased music was almost as impressive as any retail LP he ever dropped....I'm not exactly sure what we're in for this go round' partially b/c I'm pretty sure I've heard just about every Nas record, released or otherwise there is...Either way, gettin some of the longtime unreleased fav.'s in good listening condition won't be anything I'll complain about.
“I think what we’re seeing is a lot of kids who are given power and immediately begin to abuse it,” Tasca observes. “Some of these guys are as young as 18 years old. You give them a uniform, and it goes right to their head. And even many of those that don’t do abusive things miss the point, which is that we’re supposed to be peace officers. They get a badge and a gun and they think they’re gods, or at least that they’re entitled to treat people like dirt. I see them as people, and insist on treating them like I’d want to
And you want to smile, but you have to sigh
I've been super sick all week As in, more-sick-than-I-can-ever-remember. I lost my voice for 3 whole days and did not answer my phone or leave the house, because I was literally mute! Thankfully it was all rain and drear, so I don't think I missed much in the outdoor world. Indoors, Graham had a rave and I sat on the couch, thinking about the 1,000 things I wish I could get done.
2 1/4 c cake flour*
Class war
I think this card worked out well though....the images are small, so you
If she did not live across the country, we would be real life friends for sure!!!
and we found one that we both agreed we were in LOVE with...
Kylie xx
Heya, blogland! Hope your week is going well.
But, an unexpected, angry break with a friend can cause a popping crack in our foundation. A purposeful, seemingly hateful act can be visceral so long after it’s initial impact, it is heartbreaking. Whether we are 15, 25, 45, or 65 a long-time friend can use words and actions against us, steal our boyfriends/husbands/other girlfriends, backstab, ignore, lie, forget.
With White: Tail Feathers
Now I’m rising from the ashes
It’s not ready? I’ve done all the work. It’s a great story. The dialogue is crackling. Why can’t I launch it into the world now?
Cut the avocados in half. Rinse them with a bit of cool water. This will keep them from turning brown. Mash them in a bowl. Add the remaining ingredients and mix well. Taste to adjust seasonings to your liking. Refrigerate until ready to serve.
* Replace your humidifier's filter about once every 6 weeks. This really enhances the humidifier's performance (in fact, you'll notice the water level in your humidifier going down much quicker with a new filter, since so much more water can pass through it).
when nature is human emotion,
The Remains by Vincent Zandri (Pump Up Your Book Tours)
When I realized this famous cemetery was in Maramures in a place called Sapanta was a few minutes drive from Sighetu Marmaţiei we all decided to pay it a visit.
3. The project I keep putting off is writing a book. Why? Because other things keep crowding it out. Things like moving, followed by heart surgery, moving again (see above), unpacking boxes. But I have my notes, my ideas, my outlines — and I've written pages and pages of my book. Unfortunately, those notes were in my laptop that was stolen. I do have the notes I printed out and saved in half a dozen notebooks, but not the notes that were in my flash drive, which went through the wash in the pocket of my jeans (yes, that did rather wash away its contents). I'll revise as I type out what I had before. Maybe what I write now will be even better.
My steps are close beside her, yet
There’s five to go and three now done,
Maps. I'd thromised* more maps of George Younger's Candleriggs Brewery. And here they are.
Time to go shower off and get ready to go out for dinner with my hubby!
As you astute readers may have already guessed, I learned this morning that tomorrow’s long-awaited scans need to be rescheduled. And I’m not using that word “long-awaited’ lightly. We’ve been waiting for these since July 30, 2007.
“Do you think you’re sick?”
The Ritz-Carlton has a special place in my heart and not just because the condo looks like Robocop’s penis. The original ads ooze with the best of high-society fatuity. “I summer in the Hamptons… I winter in Aspen… My home, the Ritz-Carlton, Vancouver.”
“I’m OK, just tired. It was a long trip and just such a sad day,” I said.
Original 12" - Blue Boy
That is not living.
If we are so distracted that we are unable to pay attention to any signs in our life, indicating that we are either on the right path or the wrong path, we can be sure that the Truth will continue to do what it can to guide us. But if we continue to ignore the smaller signs indicating that we are not living in our Truth, then those signs get bigger and will usually become more devastating, disrupting and painful.
Labour was never a socialist party. It was formed in 1916 after the historic defeat of militant labour in 1913 to coopt the labour movement into parliament. But under pressure from unemployed workers and destitute farmers during the Great Depression of the 30's the First Labour Government came to power on a radical populist policy of protectionism and income redistribution. But after the Lange Government's collapse into deregulation in the 1980s Labour no longer has any ability to control the economy let alone redistribute wealth. This latest sellout in the face of the current crisis to do the bidding of international finance capital marks Labour's total bankruptcy as a social democratic party with any pretence to serving the interests of the working class.
How can the libraries use this technology?
Sure, it’s partite in this sense but I do not see how one can posit what you have here stated and come out with the sense necessarily for the Witness view of the kingdom.
My friends future daughter-in law has now asked me to make her wedding stationery, their colour scheme being hot pink, black and white. Me thinks I'd better get making some samples up quick smart....lol!!
When I log into WordPress.com, I always check the Freshly Pressed tab thing and see if any titles catch my eye. Sometimes there is none. Sometimes there’s one. Or sometimes on occasion there will be three or four that sound interesting. Well this Freshly Pressed post caught my eye cause it was about letters. A letter to her past self. Her younger self. I thought that was interesting because it reminded me of a song that I love.
Send Submissions To:
during special moments in their lives.
One picture was of a calm lake. The lake was a perfect mirror, for peaceful towering mountains were all around it. Overhead was a blue sky with fluffy white clouds. All who saw this picture thought that it was a perfect picture of peace.
I shared in my journal, then with my principal. Then, Tuesday I asked every student I teach to reflect, to meaningfully reflect, about how I could better meet their learning needs. As well, I asked every student I teach about how they could better meet their own learning needs.
* 1 tablespoon minced garlic
That's right, you guessed it! My very favorite thing to do with my kiddies at the end of the year is blowing bubbles in the school yard. I always keep it a secret until the last week so that they don't expect it. (I've been able to pull this secret off every year simply because I have been teaching at different schools so my kiddies never know what's coming!)
Third, I happened to be medication-sensitive and could not take the SSRI's usually prescribed for depression and panic attacks, so my doctor tried sedatives. The only one I could tolerate was alprazolam. It did not stop my panic attacks, but it did enable me to sit down and focus on Bible studies, and it slowed my racing thoughts so that I could put a grocery list together without crying. My mind was a complete mess back in those days.
Ow my… I feel so low so deep inside. My energy is so low… I am going on but I am not feeling strong. I sleep about 5 hours a night. I have nightmares. I sleep but I don’t really feel rested when I have to get up again.
No more footie pajamas
However, the Embassy opposite were clearly not listening! Staff had shut down and cleared out.
Jam 1:2 My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into divers temptations.
7. The Fabulous Thunderbirds - (Rockin') Winter Wonderland
But at last, I did. I entered in my measurements to a form on the computer and received instructions step by step on how to draw out a personalized corset pattern. It was free. It took maybe fifteen minutes. It was. . .easy.
WORST FILM
After World War II, Wohlstetter moved to Southern California, and his wife Roberta began work on her pathbreaking RAND study, Pearl Harbor: Warning and Decision (1962), exploring why the U.S. had missed all the signs that a Japanese “surprise attack” was imminent. In 1951, he was recruited by Charles Hitch for RAND’s Mathematics Division, where he worked on methodological studies in mathematical logic until Hitch posed a question to him: “How should you base the Strategic Air Command?”
But I've always wanted to go. It makes me think of big, blonde hair, nice tans and lots of sparkles. It's amusing how we have misconceptions about other parts of our own country. For example, I met some kids from Alaska and I was actually shocked they did not live in igloos. Ok, so that was back in high school, but you know what I mean.
I had to pick her up in the curves as I definitely did not want her to lose her footing at that speed, but otherwise I let her go.
Blizzard or McFlurry? I don’t think I’ve ever had a McFlurry. Blizzard is Dairy Queen, right? If I’m eating ice cream, it’s probably on the Cape, and then I go for Schoolhouse’s Triple Chocolate Whammy.
I'm so excited for Thanksgiving...are you?
and the secret of our infinite universe
Come visit this May for the first hand preview of our Autumn Winter 2012 / 2013!
Who hastens, too, to meet me there.
Displeased: Miranda Lambert took to her Twitter account to show her fury at the singer
Dahlia Seed - Survived By - Full Length ... Troubleman Unlimited 1995
Sunny taught us how to make 2 entrees- kung pao chicken and shiitake rice noodles. Because these were whole and natural ingredients and because the cooking method was healthy, each portion only came out to 3-4 points on Weight Watchers.
If he won’t stay as friends
Album: Paradigms Recordings - Autumn Sampler 2011
Nicknames-Joney-baloney, shortened to Joney. It's just too cute to hear Ellie call him Joney. Sorry in advance buddy, didn't mean for it to stick!
In the 77th minute, history was made. The EA Sports dashboard showed that in the “last 5 minutes”, Arsenal had 100% possession while Everton had…….0. The highest possession range I had ever seen was when Manchester United played Wolves. They had 90% while the Wild Bingoz had 10%. The shocking thing about that game was Wolves emerged victorious.
In all seriousness though, this sweater is amazing! As soon as I have time I'll take better photos of it, but as you can sort of see here, it has this really huge shawl-like collar that goes all the way around. Other pros: PURPLE and COSY. Need I say more?
A box of 13 wooden block rubber stamps (some will be given away and they are great for cards and little postal gifts)
So, a friendship was regained. Even though it may not be easy at this point in time, we will work out our differences and catch up on the past two years.
It is always a great photo opportunity for politicians or celebrities to go out to the war zone and be snapped with soldiers. It is generally billed as a morale boosting trip.
Reasons To Buy
Would you expect your family to do that?
I've been spending my spare time in the back guest suite, prepping it for dd and dsil's arrival. Oh My! I had a LOT of stuff back there! priority one was rehoming my scrapbook stuff that made its way back there. I have 15 18gallon storage bins filled with books, as the bookshelves have now become scrapshelves! ha! I am now in the process of going thru the stuff my mom left in her closet. Oh MY!!! This is what the room looked like this morn, think ya'll can understand why sometimes I walk in there only to walk out, feeling so overwhelmed.
Then I have used the opportunity to hand over Sonja her late birthday present. Beside the card which I have already shown you HERE, I have made for Sonja a weekly planner for 2012. In the end, as a successful SU Demonstration she needs a weekly planner to write down her Workshop appointments or other things, so that she forgets nothing.
Actually I did get a kick out of the Penny Black stamp set that I bought. It even looked like something that my brother would enjoy, so I decided to make it into a birthday card for him. He has a very dry sense of humor. Not as dry as mine, which is parched, but dry, nonetheless.
Then Liberty's face lit up, "That's why they're this little, Mommy!" She showed me with her fingers how tall they were, and I couldn't hold it in. I laughed, and we all started laughing together.
"Don't be silly"
P.S My uncle even tried to wake me up by 9:30 A.m before I had that dream. I decided to sleep for few more minutes. You wouldn’t believe that breathtaking and nerve-wrenching dream within a dream only happened for an hour, would you? It lasted like a lifetime. I checked the time and realized it was only close to 10:30 A.m.
On the whole - 8.5/10
Yes. Another one of those.
In our never ending quest to simplify our lives I have found that knitting is a good skill as well as a wonderful method of relaxing in the evening time. I like to think that anything you can make for yourself at home is a wonderful alternative to store bought items. Not to mention that these cloths make wonderful Christmas presents.
This morning, as I sat at the table to write, I heard the creak in the floor upstairs but no television. M got some water from the sink, retraced his steps through the kitchen, but stopped at the table. He pulled out a chair and sat. He asked, "How are you doing?"
Peace out,
15:33: While explaining ways to expose anti-smoking lies, McFadden recommends a newish book on the matter, The War on Smokers and the Rise of the Nanny State by Theodore King.
The only candidate that has stood up against this bill: RON PAUL.
Oh yeah and we have to tweet everything we eat at the end of the day… Knowing that people will see what I consume helps a lot but I’m sick of being judged because I tweeted about eating carrots with peanut butter (don’t knock it till you try it).
And all these comes with some form of expectations, like:
This is a great "musing" and one that I am making my motto for 2012! I feel like I spent most of last year worrying about the things that don't matter and it took a toll on the things that do, family and friends. I have a tendency to stress out about every last thing at work which can be good sometimes but it can't be every minute of my life. I have made a resolution to keep work at work. No more email alerts, which keeps me from checking my phone after I get home. No more responding to client's text messages after work hours (which in turn creates an expectation that you are always available which we obviously can't be). Ok, sorry for the rant!
McConnell who spent much of his early manhood working for a block maker, studied part time at London's St Martin's School of Art until at the age of thirty he was finally able to realize his ambition of becoming a full time commercial artist. Like his US contemporaries Saunders and Ward he would have found a perfect home with the publishers of pulp magazines, but although such outlets were not really viable (or even existent) in 1930's Britain, the burgeoning paperback market was soon to provide regular employment.
But what they expect is definitely not what they get, and what starts out as fun turns dark and twisted after the discovery of a DVD with a sinister message: Vengeance is mine.
BrooklynSpeaks, a coalition that said the plan should be changed substantially or rejected, stated: "We believe the incoming Spitzer administration must seize the opportunity in the new year to fix the project. The plan, particularly its second phase, must be changed to address its overwhelming scale, superblock design, lack of a transportation plan, and public process that has alienated rather than involved New Yorkers. "
It has never been the same
January: *writes a short*
As I’ve mentioned before in previous postings, it is pointless that I provide all the details of the how, why, and what, as readers can investigate these matters in their own time and pace, and decide for themselves if this business is a scam, or not.
only a stroll.
"And that was how the Kala's got their fingers into what would someday be the United states. Those fingers have only gotten longer and stronger as the years rolled along let me tell you."
“In Oslo (Norway), all sexual assaults involving rape in the past year has been committed by males of non-western (non-white Muslim?) background; this was the conclusion of a Police report published today. This means that every single rape assault in the last five years, where the rapist could be identified, he was a man of foreign origin.”
Thurs 10:30-13:30 and 14:00-17:00
1 – no unnecessary acceleration
Gung Fu has freed me. Finally.
About three weeks ago, right before going to the beach for a week on that spontaneous trip to Isle of Palm, S.C. to be with fellow unschoolers, I was quickly checking out some of my favorite blogs, seeking joy in places other than my long packing and cooking to-do list. On that day, I visited Sara, at Wandercraft, a crafty, dog-loving, great photographer in Boston. She revealed a giveaway for a small travel scrapbook that she had made. The winner would need to scrap a few pages of this book and blog about it and was given a more than generous amount of time in which to do so. Well, you know where this is going. I won! I came home from the beach to find this beautiful book and several scrapping accessories waiting for me on my table. I was so excited. I put it in my art room (a room that has seen far more food and Bananagrams than art lately) and envisioned all of the possible trips that I could scrap about. And, as recovering from the beach, new lives and early deaths took over, I conveniently blocked out the request to have a few pages scrapped for Sara's etsy store by this week. eek!
“Maybe Paprika? Chili powder?” Chuckling DJ moved into the kitchen to find cat food, “I guess I'm supposed to feed you.” He found the empty bowls on the floor. Water was refilled and replaced. DJ watched the cat sit on his haunches in the middle of the tiled floor. After finding a bag of dry cat food under the sink, DJ refilled that bowl, too. “There. Can we be friends now?”
But she streamlined the room by clearing out all the excess and making the back wall a major focal point. Doesn't the window look twice as big? I love the chunky table with the delicate wire chairs too, such an eclectic look. See, sometimes mix-and-match is a good thing! See more on her blog My So Called Home.
I will try to update in a few weeks ONCE I HAVE THIS BABY just in case anyone out there still reads our blog
Also relevant is the four-part series "Why Be Social?" that appeared on The Book of Life podcast in 2009. You can listen to all four parts here: http://jewishbooks.blogspot.com/2009/08/why-be-social-whole-megillah.html.
― John Lennon
The reptoids passed.
It was hard to make out at first, even in person, so I'll tell you what you're looking at: That is a SNAKE eating (swallowing) a FISH!!! The fish was about as big as two decks of cards laid end to end, so pretty big. The snake was huge.
Message in a Bottle (1998)*
For those of you that have ever done a full marathon combined with a half, you know how happy you are after the half marathoners split off.
Seeing this for the first time, I thought the crew coming in was some white-power special task force with the red/white/blue color scheme and the KKK spelled across the front of the three bikes. Bill from Outside The Cinema has since informed me that they are just Kawasaki bikes, and the K is just the logo. Heh...
Nevertheless the troublesome rumours still persisted. Saif meanwhile was successful in his application for political asylum and disappeared from the scene.
Jack (7 years 5 months): Returning to the table with his full plate from a buffet brunch serving line, Jack grumbled, “They’re out of bacon.” (#412)
I would suggest a drinking game for the imbibers where you take a sip every time Bella's gaze drops below the horizon level, but I'm fairly sure you'd get alcohol poisoning before the final credits rolled.
His two daughters, aged 12 and 17, hid in the house, one calling their mother, Mr. Griessel's ex-wife, who hurried to the farm armed and together with her foreman and a retired police officer.
Yes, today is my 2nd blogoversary! I missed it last year, so I figured it was important not to make that mistake again this year. Two years ago, in the midst of finishing up my master’s degree one hot summer afternoon, I took a break from my work and decided to jump into blog world after hearing the hype from many of my friends. I had no idea where this little blog would take me or how much I would enjoy looking back at my posts, now two years later. I’ve never been much of a journal keeper, but I love that I now have this blog as a documentation of my thoughts, life events, and just randomness. It really is fun to look back on and something that I’m glad I’ve kept up with moderately well.
The rest of the crew reviewed not only this fun book but several other books from The Critical Thinking Company HERE
The Film Writer’s Association has a two-tier mechanism to deal with matters related to plagiarism. The Dispute Settlement Committee, which is the first tier, ruled after six months, that the story and screenplay of the movie were not inspired by Aabid Surti’s book. However this decision was over-ruled by the Appellate Board, six months later. A HT report on this story is available over here.
But when we talk of people or forces that try to put limitations on free speech, we should not only look to society’s traditional power-holders — be they religious or secular.
Vote for the two movies you want us to discuss on our next Listener's Choice episode! The two films with the most votes will be picked for Episode 15. You can also write in a movie if you like and we will add it on. We will be recycling the list every Listener's Choice until we get through all the titles so please feel free to keep contributing movies to us.
please follow this link. It will take you to StampFairyWorld, a brandnew Blog where you will
Just wanted to sneak on by and add a Friends with Flair post to the Unity Blog. I used my February KOM and made up a masculine card. You must get over to the blog and see all the great work that has been added to the link for your inspiration! Amazing!
______
Since i bought my tripod like 4 years ago, I have used it only as a support for not putting the camera on the ground or as a light stand, but for what it was actually design, not much use it has seen… Its a Manfrotto 190XPROB with 488RC2 Ball Head, quite robust and sturdy, but really heavy. So it usually stays at home. Today I decided take it for a ride. I used the D700 with a 20mm and played with long exposures. Results came out better then expected, hope to do it once more and this time to bring an external flash plusa friend to be able to freeze the people on the street a bit better.
“To the majority of people the words “Crown” and “City” in reference to London refer to the queen or the capital of England.
- I thought at first that perhaps Emily had gotten “enhanced”, but then I realized it was simply because we couldn’t tell her real size until she lost the weight.
Great. Well guess what? Forbes sucks. No, I am not going to link the story because it will pad Forbes' statistics.
But tonight as I was talking about the day with the girls, Sofie said the absolute best part was climbing trees with her friends. It was all part of practicing for being firemen when they are grown up apparently.
John Merrick, less commonly known as Joseph, his true given name, is far better known still as The Elephant Man. He suffered from what is now believed to be Proteus Syndrome, an affliction that dramatically distorts and disables the human form. Although a dramatization of his life was filmed in 1980 by the surrealist director David Lynch, it is Dr. Treves' careful and kind recollections of his discovery of and subsequent enriching friendship with Mr. Merrick which leaves the strongest imprint of the folly of judging by appearances. It also shows the rewards of suspending such judgment until a measured and patient evaluation can be made.
This doubled with the fact that I have no current work experience, any references or an actual resume (i would write one up if someone asked me to drop by with one) makes me feel super frusterated and pretty let down. I even tried the tactic of casually chatting with people for awhile about a relevant topic and then slipping in the “oh you wouldnt happen to be looking for anyone would you?”.
So the return to the 1980's 'tit for tat' with C18 V AFA is over - so they now need an excuse to ban the EDL.
GUNS!!
This parenting method has been demonized and I feel that this is wrong. Sometimes you just need to stick the kid in front of a video so you can have some goddamned peace. Now, of course, you should stick the child in front of Sesame Street and/ or Dora the Explorer and NOT Requiem for a Dream.
In the middle of the night, Bu Yong goes to Hwa Yong’s quarters bearing dried persimmons while Hwa Yong irons the dress that Bu Yong will use at the selection. Bu Yong intently looks and contemplates on the hot iron in a vexing manner while Bu Yong tells her that she will take Unni to the palace every day, give her good food and dress her nicely.
The business has programmes for managing waste through recycling, reducing consumption and reuse, in a sustainable, environmental and safe way. Waste is segregated, treated and disposed of in ways that minimize environmental and health impacts. Workers are educated about properly managing waste, at work and in their communities.
Pleading to our aching soles
Peace to you
2011
I could go on and on, but don't want to turn into an infomercial. If you want more info on the cleanse - go here and/or email me. atexski@yahoo(dot)com.
The Stingers - Forward Up
I actually somehow have a full set of all four of these, the other three being Strength, Hierophant, and Johnny. (There were a couple variants as well.) Strength was a monster with a chainsaw, Hierophant was a Gillman/fish monster, and as ToyFare put it, Johnny looked like...we'll see tomorrow. I need to see if I can dig the rest of them up, but there were several little pack-ins as well, like frog and fish monsters. Since these predate my Year-in-Toys posts, I haven't the foggiest what I actually paid for the lot of them; but I want to say they were pretty reasonable, if not dirt cheap. Fun figures for a fun game, and one I've actually played for a change!
Mr. Obama, who arrived after nightfall at Bagram Air Base north of Kabul under a veil of secrecy, flew by helicopter to the palace, passing low over the inky silhouette of the Hindu Kush Mountain range. Once there, he met briefly with Mr. Karzai before they emerged to sign the pact.
5 And it came to pass, as he was telling the king how he had restored a dead body to life, that, behold, the woman, whose son he had restored to life, cried to the king for her house and for her land. And Gehazi said, My lord, O king, this is the woman, and this is her son, whom Elisha restored to life.
"'Beauty,' i.e., that which makes something interesting, is related to a mixture of regularity and irregularity. When things are too regular, we usually find them to be uninteresting because they yield no surprises for us. Complementary to this, highly irregular things are often uninteresting because they make no sense. In the middle, between regularity and irregularity, lies a place where things can be understood, but not completely." ~ Title and excerpt from The Computational Beauty of Nature by Gary William Flake.
Now, in today’s world, an architect or handyman is usually selected on the virtue of his license, his experience, his skill, and his training. But having the wisdom of God is not usually a requirement.
2. Wear orchids – For an elegant up-do, you can take a few white Cymbidium blooms and pin them in your hair. They are an eye catching add on to any look. With the vast selection of different orchids and colors, the options are endless.
SANE is an autonomous network for the creation of a humane, just, sustainable and culturally appropriate economic system in South Africa
Everyone has something to learn and everyone has something to teach. Sometimes your learning moments can come in the most surprising places and from people you would never expect. The key is to always remain open for learning opportunities. Once you shut yourself off and decide that most people have nothing to teach you, you truly stop learning. This is The Trash Mans Guide to Time Management.
At this point, as well as still doing all of those things, I'm also very involved with the freedom-based education movement in my home city, as well as the wider unschooling/freedom-based education community through the making of connections and friendships with people scattered across North America (and beyond!). Basically? I think unschooling is really, really cool, and that the ideas found in that philosophy can be a powerful tool of both personal and social transformation.
everyone and wants to be picked up by everyone. This was not meant as a
“I struggle. How about you?”
Me and Mom!
The USP is no longer relevant.
Sprinkle with chopped parley and serve.
Me: "The hell you say."
Charles was always soft in his tone, respecting the fact that YALE is a typical liberal institution of higher learning.
SS: Was that first job how you got your agent?
Curatorial Records: Numbered Correspondence 06762
I just feel sad.
Healing has been rampant on base. Two nights ago, one of the new DTS students named Beth was suffering from an aching kidney. Me and two other DTS girls were with her and i told her to command her kidney to feel better. "Kidney, i command you to get better in Jesus name. You can't bring me pain anymore!"
Between now and the week of the conference we are hoping to have hundreds of your suggestions pouring in by the sack-load! We’ll then look over the suggestions and choose 10 for each category. These tips will then be presented to you at the online conference.
Now I need enough to pay my bills, then I will be happy.
But in some ways, these types of "how" issues speak to things like poor leadership, bad management, inconsistent policy and implementation, and other causes - but not necessarily to bad or malicious intent on behalf of policy makers and administrators to make schools worse. I could rally behind improvements to the "how" much more easily, though, if school districts were also willing to examine "what" they were teaching our children - and "why."
No tutorial here, because as I was making them, I didn't have a clue what I was doing, so I didn't take photos.
“Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious; but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.”
OK, they don't even try to change the name on this chair. $130.00 difference? How can I justify paying this when I can just drive across the bridge and buy it there?
*Contact four separate schools to speak to a member of staff about sessions and schedules for a writing project. (Last week I did leave a number and message at two of the schools, but they haven’t rung back yet. )
Serve with pasta and lashings of cheese and black pepper!
As I promised to share, here is the information about my classroom infrastructure. I call my skills-based method, "Integrated Literacy in the Interactive Classroom," and I have had much satisfaction in teaching this way. Most students buy-in to this method because they have authority and ownership of the class. They know what comes when, when to bring which book, and where to find their assignments when they miss. And, they do all the work, not you.
Nice dress, though.
With Uranus highlighted, we can expect unpredictable, sudden events on the world stage, designed to help humanity break old habits and addictions in order to evolve in concert with the Turning of the Ages. Innovation, creativity, and breakthroughs in the realm of science, technology, and new thought are all potential outcomes. Jupiter expands all of this and can add a dimension of exuberance and optimism to the dynamic.
However, in the recent year or so something similar opened in Hongdae. Snow Spoon. (above) And even more recently another location opened here in Ilsan. And another yogurt place opened called Yogurberry. (below) I’m so happy! This weekend I ate at both. Yogurberry is better in that they offer fresh fruit options whereas Snow Spoon does not. But Snow Spoon does have awesome neon spoons.
Things that warm my fingers and toes by just looking at them.
Gene Howington, a guest blogger on law professor Jonathan Turley’s blog, contends that the government deliberately made the language of H.R. 347 vague and overly broad. Howington writes that “it seems to be a trend that vague or overly broad language could be fairly described as being purposefully adopted allowing ‘wiggle room’ for Federal authorities to potentially abuse civil and human rights under the color of authority.”
Then… they volunteered to go on a nature walk. I know. Weird, right? We started walking around that lake, and it was all nature-y, and I was fine because it wasn’t too hot, and I had on running shoes, and we all talked and had fun. And after almost an hour and a half, my daughter said, “Do you think we’re almost there?” And I assured her we were, although I was starting to doubt it myself.
Please pray that everything goes smoothly.
A comprehensive look at how a storm develops and moves, this book is an amazing resource for teaching about weather. It follows a large springtime storm in 1982 as it moves from rain in the Pacific Northwest to a blizzard in the Sierras to tornados and hail in the Texas plains and finally becomes a blizzard in New York City. As the storm rolls on, the book explains what's causing it to evolve and how meteorologists can forecast what will happen next. It's a great book for helping students understand how weather events are related and why they occur.
-- New York gets its first FM rock music station in 1966 -- WOR-FM. While I doubt this fact makes the show, expect a soundtrack heavily laced with sweat and reverb. (Or perhaps, laced with something more tangible?)
Cardstock: Very Vanilla, black, and Riding Hood Red (SU)
Head over to Windy's blog for some more Skipping Stones Design inspiration! A full list of designers will be posted at the SSD blog!
In this light, the mission of social work is not to conduct a direct assault on social failings and abuses; it is to keep learning about such problems and to keep seeking out the needed resources. Counseling psych people and MBAs are not our competitors, in this view; they are the ones who have the requisite skills. If there aren’t enough of them, we may have to get in there and fake it — to provide direct service, that is — until either we have developed the expertise or, preferably, have found someone who was trained for exactly that purpose. (I say “preferably” because you won’t be looking at the big picture, and juggling all of the balls that need to be juggled, if you are mired down in bookkeeping, in client counseling, or in other specialist tasks.) The role of the social worker is, generally, that of the collaborator, the resource seeker, the persuader; it is not that of the accountant, the psychiatrist, or the nurse.
First District
us a whole new level of freedom in which to explore this room. We tend to think of this room as a messy place filled with anger, anxiety, resentment, impatience and frustration. While there should be a welcome sign on this room’s door for all of our feelings, remember that this is also the room where
Problem: Revenues are down.
Hope this helps. The response has been great so far, you guys have been keeping me busy. Thanks a bunch and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
We'll start with the first. This includes everyone who writes in Yiddish who is not Chasidic. For lack of a better word, we'll call them secular Yiddish writers, though their ideological, religious, and cultural sympathies run the gamut from the settler poetry of Velvl Chernin to the loud radicalism of songwriter Daniel Kahn. They are the heirs to the literary tradition of Eastern Europe and America, what was Yiddish literature with a capital L: a social phenomenon complete with newspapers, journals, books, printers, publics, writers, controversies, scandals, sex, and violence.
But, really, when I look at this photo, here’s what I see:
Picture twenty-four lesser thrones surrounding the great thrones on the right and the left and twenty-four elders clothed in white and wearing golden crowns sitting upon those thrones.
and the earth
Since my double chocolate beers are pretty damn good the way they are, I should brew that one next. It will be brew #97. I'm just wanting brew #100 to be special somehow. Closing in on it soon.
We decided to do paper handprint cutouts and tissue paper flowers. But the possibilities are endless with this template, as it has plenty of room to be creative! You could have the kids simply draw a picture of flowers, or paint one, or do a handprint with paint, or use pop sticks and all sorts of other fun craft things to make beautiful flowers. Anything! Really great for classroom activities or playgroup too.
Britain’s problem is debt. And we are in debt because as a nation and as individuals we have lived beyond our means. Our personal debt is £1,500 billion and our public debt will reach that figure by 2014 (yes its getting bigger in spite of the Coalition’s plan to ‘cut the deficit’. All we are doing is borrowing less each year than we did in the previous one)
This needs to stop. Labeling things or worse, people, because of terminology you’ve heard in conversation.
Year Of Release: 2012-05-15
to what is.
We then walked back to the hotel where we chilled out and watched Black Hawk Down on HBO, it was a good relaxing day after the crazy last 2 weeks in china!
Leap into a bit of happily every after with this Valentine's Day themed digital taggers kit. It's full of frogs, and fantasy and forever love!
Everything – from atom to galaxy – is rooted in the same universal and all-pervasive reality. And this reality reveals itself in the purposeful, ordered and meaningful processes of nature, as well as in the deepest recesses of the human mind and spirit.
collage: Alive by KAO
Samuel Smith Old Brewery (Tadcaster) Samuel Smith's India Ale
replace already broken-down
It was during these days at sea I appeared on the in-ship TV show The WAKE with JJ Knight, our Cruise Director. You can see me above wearing one of the latest styles from acstudio9.com.
It's been a long morning already. Matthew fought me on going to preschool this morning. Normally, if he can justify to me his reasonings, I listen. However this morning after several failed attempts to convince me why he shouldn't go to school he says:
Ink-Night of Navy, Printer Ink (black)
Emma had a salad of grilled goats cheese and beetroot, beautifully presented, the dash of raspberry dressing provided enough sweetness to contrast with the acidity of the cheese.
Under Mu'ammar Qadhafi's rule in Libya, the Muslim Brotherhood (MB) was outlawed, and conducted most of its activity from abroad. Now that many of its members have returned to the country, the MB is beginning to consolidate its presence in the political arena and has established a party, called Justice and Construction. Like the MB party in Egypt, the Libyan party presented itself as independent of the movement; however, the connection between the party and movement, both on the ideological and the organizational level, is difficult to ignore. Party leader Muhammad Sowan previously served as the head of the movement's Shura Council, and half of the party members are MB members.
In a 1/2 pint jar add:
Saturday evening around midnight our cell phones are ringing and it is Jake... I have to admit, my heart skips a beat. It was Jake. He was at a friends house and a friend backed his pickup truck out of the drive way right into the side of Jake's parked car. The side was pushed in, the door would not close and the window was broken.
Unfortunately, the private sector in Europe has the same cringing approach as their counterparts in the United States. Instead of boldly saying that corporate boards are a private matter for shareholders to decide, representatives from big companies accept the intrusion and merely complain about implementation.
inspired glistening vine. I hope you enjoyed my tutorial and will make your own glistening vine! Please
easyJet delayed us by 40 minutes on the flight back to Glasgow. Craig has resolved that he will never fly again internally in the UK.
My name is Idzie Desmarais, and I'm a 20 year old lifelong learner who lives in Montreal, Quebec with my wonderful family.
Breakfast foods: cage-free eggs, organic granola and organic and fat-free yogurt, a variety of fruit (mango, apple, kiwi, pear), organic fruit loops, buckwheat pancakes with raw local honey, whole grain whole wheat bread with raw local honey.
The problem with it as a statement is that it would suggest that there are two separate activities and that the brain is a like a piece of machinery. That's to say, the machine is programmed to do something and then, and only then, it can do it. Luckily and wonderfully, the human brain isn't a machine. Amongst many things it's a reflecting, contemplative, reasoning organ. It looks, thinks, adapts, changes, asks questions, alters what it's learned and of course enables 'performance' ie speaking, writing, moving, dancing, facial expression etc etc.
Sometimes I’m just grateful to get good news.
“Macro evolution” (sometimes termed spontaneous generation) “encompasses the grandest trends and transformations in evolution, such as the origin of mammals and the radiation of flowering plants. Macro evolutionary patterns are generally what we see when we look at the large-scale history of life.” Driscoll speaks in his book and says, ” Macro-evolution purports that nothing made everything. Essentially, no-thin causes every-thing to spring into existence, although this is not considered a miracle because there is no God.”
For a nostalgic walk through some of these favorite classis Christmas songs … click below!
But that is nothing compared to my next trick. Stay tuned. Interesting things are brewing for this Tart! A huge big event, the biggest and most original one yet! Yes, I am being cryptic, yes I am a tease..what else would you expect from a tart?
For stage three, when you’re ready, take the plunge and write.
And so to the presents.
Materials : Quality Spandex Cotton
7. An English Madam: The Life and Work of Cynthia Payne – by Paul Bailey
"I ent bin nowhere by"
Well, this is how it looks the plate by now and the thing is that I need a break because I kind of lost the sense of what is real and what is fake(Alzheimer). So is it better if I come back after two days and just make simple changes or adjustments. I still need to build a couple of spaceships in Maya and shoot the green screen part and the main challenge is to match the lighting from the studio with the lighting from the background that come from the right side.
Modern cynics and skeptics see no harm in paying those to whom they entrust the minds of their children a smaller wage than is paid to those to whom they entrust the care of their plumbing.
Any of my followers can see that, because I didn’t start with the @. And @MyPretendDog will notice it when she checks her replies.
Do you have ever those weeks where you feel as if all you do is run, run run? I always have loads on the boil... I am a bit like that... never happier than with a full calendar and a busy brain... but sometimes I take it a little too far... This week was such a week...
Oh, showers aren’t the storm kind… although we are getting some of those too. Just this morning it was raining. No one of my best friends recently had a baby shower. Someone from church had a bridal shower. My pen-pal had her bridal shower. An I’m pretty sure I’m in for another baby shower or two before too long. It is exciting just seeing all the new developments in people’s lives taking place. New families starting and growing… like flowers in the early spring.
Lay Hah Misso (Alexia)
- Remember to link back to 2TC in your post
“In the short term, we need to do massive stimulus; otherwise, there’s going to be another Great Depression” #20 German Economy Minister Philipp Roesler is warning that “an orderly default” for Greece is not “off the table“….
What would you tell someone who thought they weren’t “fit” enough to come to a barre n9ne class? The environment at barre n9ne® is completely non-judgemental. I have yet to meet anyone who felt like they were being judged when they walked through our doors. Everyone is so supportive of each other- not just our instructors but our clients too. Sometimes I just step back and listen to the conversations in the waiting room and it makes me so happy and proud. These women really care about each other and are always motivating one another. (I’m actually getting teary eyed writing this!) Seriously though, the only thing I can say is to come and try a class and I promise you will not feel judged at all. It just does not happen, I would never tolerate it.
Instead of coming down Thursday night, and getting in a fight, again, with you, which seems to be our favorite pastime, that and crummy tap rooms, I decided to write instead.
Here is a story about MASTIC.
Truth for the Birthparents.
So we went back to the car. Did we have fun? Sure. Did we have dry feet? No way.
Sticking to the Australian culture theme, I should mention I've been flat out like a lizard drinking lately, so I haven't had time to produce a decent (or even indecent) post. But I'm hoping to post some new material in the next few days.
perhaps only to dance a while
The Worm's Head.
LAND OF MARY IMMACULATE
WHAT?!?!?! You’ll let me look around???? Ummmm…. dude… all you had to do was ask for my money. So I promptly went to a different store and bought the exact same TV from someone else.
Loyal readers and/or anyone I've spoken to in the past few months knows I recently went on a trip to the City of Light, PARIS! BFF Rachel and I had such an amazing trip: we toured famous sites, wandered through quaint cities, nibbled on croissants and sipped espresso (or beer) at streetside cafes, and partied into the wee hours at fun Parisian bars with fun Parisian folks. Oh, and stared at the ridiculously attractive French men. Le sigh. But alas, this is a food blog, so I will be blogging over the course of the next few posts about some of the amazing food we had during our 8 day adventure.
My ability to love is hindered by the fear of my mortality. My will is stultified by my lack of love; I’ve been extending myself in every which direction but towards a functioning center, living on the periphery of life where all of the noise and activity can keep me company. There is no overflow of spirit left to do anything creative since it is all being spent, eaten up by the products of friction, and so I am an automaton.
How it works
One more thing, I have a quilt kit and I can't find the pattern. It is call Curved Log Cabin, and if anyone happens to have a pattern they can share with me I would be eternally grateful! This is what happens to me when I don't immediately work on a quilt that I purchase!!
"We don't want to wallow in superstition like ignorant peasants. ... The truth is a powerful thing....The truth must be kept safe, reserved only for those capable of handling it." Location 4249-4252.
3/19/12 I am thankful for
Lisa, starts her story in 1994 when she graduated from college and begins with relating to the emotions that she believes must have been experienced by Lisa ‘Left Eye’ Lopes during the celebrity’s very public breakdown in which she burnt a house down.
The removable bottoms are great for keeping the nest boxes clean, and are actually quite durable. Homemade is great and saves money, but if you have ever had to scoop out some of the stuff that accumulates in nests, you know what I am talking about, broken eggs, chicken crap, add a little heat on a hot summer day, and it’s enough to make you urp right there. This type of nest box would be indispensable too, if you get some kind of pest infestation on your chickens. Pests can hide in every nook and cranny. I can pick up that nest box and carry it outside on my hip, remove the bedding, take out the bottoms and give the entire shebang a deep cleaning. That is impossible to do with a fixed wooden nest box scenario. But, a free ranging chicken lives forever, never craps in the nest or breaks an egg and probably is pest free too, so maybe this last paragraph was a sale’s pitch for free-ranging chickens, I don’t know… .
To WIN my prize all you need to do is comment (all 3 days) below this post and become a if you like my cards become FOLLOWER of my blog
with some fabric, laces, flowers and my FAVORITE : Longing Tilda!
like a sleepy blue ocean
Whomp Charmz Poised to become the next Sillybandz, these cute, colorful rubbery charms are also erasers. They can connect to the aforementioned bandz or clip on to laces, ear bud cords, computer cables and such. I don't recall the price, but it was reasonable for a pack of 8. I almost bought these for my son, you know, so he could be a trendsetter and all, but then I remembered the 236 silly bandz he has scattered around his bedroom and figured I'd let someone else's child have the spotlight.
In fairness to my mother (God rest her soul) and my inherent clumsiness, I only started the doing-what-I-love part in the last year or two so I guess I’m a long way from having…another cliche…hang on…”paid my dues.” Cliches hurt almost as much as those parking meters…
these are some little containers that I'm going to put nail polish remover in. i love the one my aunt has at her salon! these are considerably cheaper however, so its a win win. I'm going to love just pushing the cotton ball down on the top and getting remover on it.
created specifically for this once in a lifetime event by Dave Gutierrez! Day of Death 2011 was a celebration of Death
I agree with trying to cook as much as I can from scratch. I love cooking, and I sometimes find that more and more people of my generation (20 and 30 somethings) seem terrified of cooking, as though it was an impossible task. Making my own chicken or vegetable stock only takes a preparation time of maybe 10 to 15m max, but most of my friends here can’t believe I don’t just pour it out of a box. The truth is that cooking is becoming less and less of a daily activity, in North America especially. I had never heard of cooking pasta sauces with canned tomatoes until I moved to Canada a few years ago. I was shocked to find that so many recipes, even by some of the most popular and sophisticated chefs here actually ask you to use canned and processed ingredients. (In Venezuela, we just don’t have the supply of processed foods that we have here. Frozen pizzas even are rare and expensive. TV dinners are non-existent. This is also because women there are still likely to be coming home to cook everyday after a full-time shift and middle to high-income households can afford hired help.)
Life is busy!
This being the height of a summer heat wave throughout much of the East Coast, and considering that we just had a solar eclipse across a narrow band of the Southern Hemisphere, and considering that today is “Sunday,” let me tell you a little about our sun.
In 2011 I spent a good four months rewriting it. I then got sidetracked by another ms which was also getting a lot of interest.
¼ c grated parmesan cheese
As I drove slowly to school to collect Jack, I thanked my daughters for behaving themselves so nicely and being the best little nurses a Mummy could ask for. "Well, Mummy, you look after me when I'm sick, so I'll look after you when you're sick," explained Phoebe, which made tears well in my red eyes and fall down my white-and-grey face. As soon as Christian arrived home last night, I crawled under several blankets and slept my way back to functionality. I must say, even though I am much better today, I am still extremely fatigued and achey - it's a horrible virus!! Must be completely better by tomorrow. I've got too much to do!
What!? Please do not leave your cell phone at home! I know that life is stressful and sometimes the only way to get away is to go for a walk. For some it’s the only alone time they ever get.
2. Blog about this Giveaway (3 entries)
The lines get blurry. A good measure of common sense and integrity on the part of ad agencies and their clients, would surely go a long way in helping to retain some sort of ethics. And for the most part, large companies don't lie about their products. The costs involved if they're caught are too great, and serve as a good deterrent. But when a message has to be delivered to millions of people, it's quite difficult to predict how all of them will perceive or construe it.
with bits of
For the man's grief abhorrent, draws and presses
‘Cameron takes Feldman to all his donor meetings,’ said one senior Tory.
“It’s almost impossible to summarize any Firesign album,” Mr. Ward wrote, because most of their albums were so filled with “intricate wordplay, stunning engineering and use of sound effects, breakneck pacing and, of course, a terribly complex story line.”
Ladies and gents, there’s no question that we have all felt this way sometimes. When you want to shout at the top of your lungs that no one knows you like they think they do. It’s an empowering song. Plus, I love the moments in the video when she stands still and sings. So much strength behind it.
That may seem a little overboard if you’re talking about, say, a short story or a smaller project, but it’s still a good idea to have to something in writing to make it well known between the two authors about their rights.
The mesh background is from a roll that I bought at the dollar store before Christmas. It unravels easily but that's alright for this one. The gold tinsel that is woven into it slides out easily so may just pull it all out next time. I was thinking that I may distress the weave before cutting it as well.
Isn't she just the cutest!?
Actually I will be the one who won't be there. I have other plans - even if they only involve being in the room next door. In the meantime there is the usual incongruous collection of props to assemble; cowbell, bag of gold/beans, buckets, baskets and feather duster. Not my kind of shopping I'm afraid.
“Accordingly, as we forge ahead with the process of fundamental social, political and economic transformation of our country, we know too well that we can indeed count on the unflinching support of the Cuban people.
For quite some time now I have been working on a project that encompasses several rooms on the first floor of a local client's Colonial style home. I've shared a bit about the sunroom and the dining room.
I could go on. Porn. Access for people to cheat on their other halves via dating sites. Ease of commnication between terrorists. A mouthpiece for racists, bigots of all kinds. It was all out there before, but everything was harder. It was harder to communicate, to get yourself listened to. You had to go out and find a bit on the side, now you can just order one from the comfort of your sofa. You wanted porn you had to go to your local video shop or newsagent. And don't get me started on parents who don't keep an eye on what their children access on there. It's all so much easier, and only time will tell if this ease of everything will have a positive impact on society.
We found that the treadles had some problems.......we need to take them off, flip the piece of wood they are attached to, and re-attach them with some new hinges.
Ole.
He declared, "We're very excited to take Brooklyn and bring it to 215 countries around the world. We couldn't be more excited about the Jay-Z-inspired and -designed black-and-white logo, which we think is going to be a huge hit in markets all around the world.
I had been numb all through that week but, it hadn’t stopped him. Every other day that I was not on my period and he was available, he had made love to me. I didn’t stay numb always, I began to look forward to having him.
The Romney campaign, which had been angered by an Obama campaign ad featuring Bill Clinton and questioning whether Romney would have given the order to kill bin Laden, was cautious about taking Obama to task for the Afghan trip because of the tradition of refraining from political attacks when a president is abroad.
Keep your tee height consistent, and you will be able to drive the ball more consistently. If you tee too low, you run the risk of grounders, but if you tee too high, you may pop the ball in the air and lose distance. Practice varying your tee height on the practice range, and find the perfect level that allows you consistent distance with your drives.
So once breaky was in our belly (I waited till I got there, kids had already had cereal, but gorged on the pastries!) and our wetsuits on, we went to the reef. It was absolutely fantastic!
But one explorer knew more than most. Because of his fear of being unable to find his way home, he developed an intricate code and tattooed his map onto his skin. But the map has since been lost and rival factions are in desperate competition to recover it. What none of them yet realize is that the skin map itself is not the prize at the end of this race . . . but merely the first goal of a vast and marvelous quest to regain Paradise.
The Final Verdict: It won't make converts out of those who don't like science fiction, but it's an interesting futuristic tale that warrants a good look! Three and a half out of five stars.
When BB was about three, the Easter Bunny left him a note in his Easter Basket. I don’t remember what the note said, but it was probably along the lines of:
seems like things never stop going wrong but that’s life I suppose.
Yesterday afternoon at 12.51pm a devastating earthquake hit Christchurch and outlying areas. I grabbed Sian, the only of the midgets that was at home, and cowered under a doorway, it was hard to run, the ground was very very violent.
Mastering the secrets of the body language might be complicated. Body language is a visual mode of communication – you cannot learn it just from reading – you need to see it. The Body Language Cards do just that; they flood your consciousness with the visual gestures and connect it to its meaning so you can retain the information and use it in real-time situations.
with all
Step 5: Highlight your cheekbones with a blusher.
For the Dressing:
Although the point of our trip that day was birding, I got rather distracted by the butterflies that were present in the area. New for the season were the Fulvia Checkerspot that Rebecca was the first to spot,
Apparently my fears of her being traumatized forever were unfounded. And yet again I am reminded that whatever I thought I knew about raising little girls was all wrong. We did, however, decide that this sort of death and destruction - despite being on a miniature scale - was not appropriate viewing for her and we eased her on to "A Bug's Life" instead. Thank goodness for me, because if I had to watch another furry spider wage war I probably would throw up in my mouth a little bit...
I can think of three things he might be saying here.
He leaves on a 2 year jaunt around the USA and Europe, documenting what he sees and hears.
In working my way along the animal, after the tail, the toes seemed like the next appropriate spot to move to. There’s recently been some good trotter chat on twitter, so if you want to keep abreast of that, you’d better give me a follow! Acting on the advice of Luke from the restaurant Dough, then disregarding it somewhat (sorry), I slow cooked my trotters in water with four cloves for six hours on high. This makes the most amazing stock. However, I made a beginnners mistake and realised after I’d removed the elbows that what I had were not chunky back trotters, but slimline fore trotters – that equals less meat.
Dear Prayer Giver,
The common clichés are the likes of “look on the bright side; every cloud has a silver lining; think positive.” But without Jesus Christ, that is impossible. The god of this world is a destroyer, seeking to ruin God’s creation as well as negate the power of the Almighty. For the unbeliever, there is no bright side but as Hebrews 10:27has it, “A certain fearful looking for of judgment and fiery indignation, which shall devour the adversaries.”
"If I had an accident and my cock got cut off you'd dump me" (Honestly ? Yeah, he was probably right).
Yes, a paintball is played on a field the paintball marker repair of this article, combined with some online research of paintballing websites will enable you to use it instead. Aside from that, a game involving the paintball marker repair like the paintball marker repair, Electra, VS1, VS2. Smart Parts has some punch and power? Answering all of these security labels sometimes make this to ensure that participants enjoy the paintball marker repair a woody hilly region. Next on my agenda to be pushing their selves towards the paintball marker repair with the paintball marker repair. Your mask is a great way to get started in the paintball marker repair a farmer 10 miles away from an outdoor field. The player becomes an easy target for the paintball marker repair up paintball field. Shapes available include large triangles, rectangles, and cylinders that provide great cover while playing. These types of fields generally include both natural and man-made objects to enhance game play.
9. Schwarz im Weiß
I know you are from Atlanta, but the city has almost 7,000 churches. Did you ever consider another location for your new church?
Crowded House Better be home soon NZ
Now that the temperatures have dropped far below zero and the snow keeps falling I thought it would be the perfect moment to take out my warmer winter coat. BUT my dad has put it somewhere and he doesn't remember where. So basically he lost my $160 super cosy Zara coat... So I had to go with this one. I was totally freezing!
My new bra is too small and pinches, so I didn’t wear one at all, and now I’m at the point where my boobs (untethered) rest on my giant belly. I looked like a hairy gross buddha.
Aside from writing, Kate Miller-Heidke is ruling my life these days. I discovered her last album about a year and a half ago, and her new album, Nightflight, just came out and it is frickin' amazing, guys. It's the first album in a while I've been able to immerse myself in completely. It just... works. As an album, as a story, as an experience, it all just comes together. I love that, when an album is an album, a cohesive whole.
Stone faces have been known to collapse from the weight of it–the mighty presence of a smile. And the affect on yourself? Well, you’ll see the sun come shining through… if you… just… smile.
Random actions
Are in his eyes, and in his ears
After witnessing Iason getting out of his vehicle and entering a rather secretive looking door, Riki does the same. His chase leads him to this aquatic-like room where he winds up being pursued by a mermaid (?) with a grudge.
With both historical and contemporary fiction I go for what I suppose is the literary end of the market and what could be described as 'intelligent women's fiction'. I'm not a huge fan of crime fiction, although I read some. I don't like sadism or cruelty to children but I don't like crime when it resembles Cluedo. I do not enjoy science fiction or fantasy. But that still leaves hundreds and hundreds to choose from.
Prospective authors will need to register with JOFDL and make all submissions online:
Through the dwellers in the crematorium he comes into contact with the Bauls, wandering minstrels. It goes back to the singer of epics in an earlier chapter, because the Bauls wander from place to place, singing songs, but many of them are agnostic, almost atheist, and they reject the conventional religion of temple and mosque, they reject the caste system, and the conventions of society. They are holy madmen, holy fools. Though Dalrymple does not say so, they could be compared to the hippies of the West.
Yesterday I took Zak zak for his follow up ECHO appointment for his heart murmur. I was advised to have him be nil by mouth for 4 hours before hand because he would be sedated. I hate watching the kids be sedated and all dopey. I've only seen one other of my kids have it, but it had to be done. Or did it? I got there and they wanted to just give ago without the sedation. He had already been a monkey, and was petrified of being weighed or having his height done. So by the time we down to the radiology department, he wasn't even having a bar of sitting on the bed. Fortunately Hubby was in the department working and was able to lend his hand. In the end we just had to hold him down for the minute while the heart was quickly checked. Its times like these Im greatful to have trained as a nurse. The nurse*get the job done* in me completely overrides the *oh no! my kid is crying* mummy feeling. Or maybe I'm just heartless. Any ways we got the job done while he screamed the department down. The results show just a teeny little hole that is healing nicely. Thank you Lord!
New York: December 12, 1944
and scorns my wanton desire.
In America we ask for the time. Here, we ask for the month. It’s the most obvious difference. The pace of life here is slow, methodical, cyclical. Everything takes a long time. If you aren’t a patient person you will become one.
Before I can answer that question we must first understand the structure and attitude of bacteria. We must know what it looks like and how it works.
Joshua Ryen Govea, 15, was taken into custody without incident by CDCR’s Special Services Agents at approximately 2 am in Sacramento County and has been returned to the N.A. Chaderjian Youth Correctional Facility in Stockton. The Sacramento Police Department, Stocton Police Department, the California Highway Parol and U.S. Marshal's Service assisted in the search.
All the people wail and cry, while the judges execute Israelites who disobeyed God. It is this terrible scene. Then all of a sudden, this guy walks into the camp.
Mmmm! Don’t we all love “semisolid sourish food” made from fermented milk (special bonus ingredient: added bacteria)?!
3. Paragraph F states that oral complaints about specific students and/or personnel will not be heard. It further suggests that employees contact their immediate supervisor about complaints relative to employment. That makes sense in every case except as it pertains to the superintendent. The school board is the superintendent's immediate supervisor. Whether intentional or not, this rule in effect states that the board will not hear criticism of the superintendent. That's unacceptable.
I fluctuate on whether or not I will miss this show when it ends. I won’t miss sick kids or patients that puke blood, but I will miss House and Wilson together. It’s moments like the slideshow that make this show great. I’m not always a fan of Wilson but I am a fan of House doing loving things in his own way. Your thoughts? Leave a comment!
I liked that idea, but not the price, right now,
Turn around to the left and you're looking back along Circular Quay, the main transport hub of the harbour, with a set of wharves and train station. The station and several of the hotels behind it are lit up, so that when you are coming across the harbour (either on the bridge or by boat) you will be recieved by a coordinated feast of colour.
We were ready to move on....We were ready to end the chapter of apartheid, and start a new one...
3:00AM: Drunken tenants let me inside the building, sarcastically exchanging to one another, “I don’t know, he seems reeeeaaally dangerous,” then laughed away.
“Do you think you could survive for just a few minutes without showing off?” That line, delivered by a bewigged and bothered judge in the final episode of the sophomore season of Sherlock--the BBC-TV drama making its return to American TV sets tomorrow night, courtesy of PBS’ Masterpiece Mystery! series--nicely emphasizes one of the storytelling strengths of this popular program.
5. Does it really matter if someone doesn’t agree with you about whether homosexuality is a choice or not? What about abortion? What about smoking? What about divorce? What about men marrying young teenagers in other countries via arranged marriages? What about children being sold into the slave trade business as a workforce and for sexual reasons? What about whether someone does drugs or not? What about evolution, creationism, intelligent design? We all have things that we believe ardently in. You have to answer for yourself why it matters and what should be done about it. Here is the kicker: I am pro-life. Yes, I wish all abortion clinics would go away. No, I do not believe that legally that will ever happen nor should it. I want to be free to reach out to those considering abortion just like the abortion clinics are. I want to love these young women and offer them support, encouragement, and materials that tell them about all the different alternatives they have (such as adoption). But I am in a polarized country that wants it one way or the other. You can’t have pro-life and pro-choice people free to proclaim their message legally for some reason. I can’t figure this out. The bias goes both ways. My point is that in order for me to maintain my freedom, our society is at a point where the other side has to have their freedom too. I am okay with that. I vehemently disagree with them, but I would rather be free to propagate the pro-life message than told that it is illegal.
Forget it. If you’re so minded you can turn anything into failure. Most books don't sell very many copies. There are only so many prizes to go around. So, your friends expect you to do as well as JK Rowling and will pity you if you don't become a multi-millionaire? So what! They are completely ignorant about publishing. Much better to celebrate any little success for what it is - a success! Fantastic!
So without further ado, please take a moment to read through this session and take from it the light that is Christina.
Redford is just like the previous PC premiers. She breaks promises as readily as she makes them. In late February, for example, she reneged on her promise to investigate whether Alberta doctors are bullied and/or rebuked for advocating for patients. This is only one example among many of how Redford is untrustworthy and dishonest, but it is an important one. If bullying of doctors is not investigated, it will continue, so it will continue to jeopardize health care quality in Alberta.
It’s set in a black-and-white world inspired in part by Fritz Lang’s “Metropolis,” where only numbers exist until five little guys decide to create the alphabet by transforming numbers into letters.
He moved out back to England a week ago.
during – prep. – Used to indicate constant development throughout a period
Want the whole background story of your character? Read my books, To Kill A Warlock, just .99 ebook! and A Tale of Two Goblins (Also available in paperback)
There have been many people who know the benefits of this tea. Green tea is the most powerful source of antioxidants that can help improve body functions. In addition to increasing metabolism, green tea can also be lose weight. Therefore, this tea is often consumed by those who are dieting.
Don’t forget the medical world, where the Holy Spirit kept the communicable diseases under control, helped scientist conquer individual illnesses. But as He withdraws we will see more diseases.
"The Superfluous Finger"
I went to Youtube and started looking for some Josh Groban and switched to Sarah Brightman. I found a video I hadn’t seen in years-Sarah and Michael Crawford doing “Music of the Night.” Happy sigh….
26. What was your greatest musical discovery?
Final Numbers:
Two broad theories have been proffered in explanation. The first is that the conflict was engendered and continually stoked by a government-backed 'third force' which sought thereby to destabilise the ANC. The second recognises the brutalities of apartheid and the methods used to maintain it, but posits that many, or perhaps even most, of the deaths arose in the context of the 'people's war'.
But if you love him you'll forgive him
What all protest movements essentially seek to do is facilitate change by giving a voice to issues or shining a light on shady practices. Mauritania’s protesters are no different in that respect than those in any other country. Apart from the political opposition now also openly demanding the departure of Aziz, the narrative of protests has really not changed dramatically in over a year, but the level of frustration and dissatisfaction has increased steadily. The government has tried to stem this flow in many ways, some more subtle than others. It’s important to appreciate the depth to which corruption and cronyism is embedded within the Mauritanian culture: a job here, a loan there, an indiscretion or even a bigger crime ignored or covered up. In other words, there are myriad ways in which favors are bought and sold in exchange for compliance, obedience, silence, inaction. However, the appearance of several recent reports which expose major financial scandals could be an indication that people are finally losing patience with the lies and hypocrisy. Even a society that for generations has accepted bribery and corruption as a daily reality will eventually reach saturation point.
Chicago Blackhawks (34-24-7, 75pts) @ Detroit Red Wings (42-19-3, 87pts), 3 pm/NHL Network
Anyway, so with nothing interesting going on in my life I am very bored. (And by interesting, I mean dramatic). As much as I complain about drama, I love it. I live for that shit. Give me some good old fashioned dramatics any day and I’m happy. I loveee me a scandal, some malicious gossip.. Anything to spice things up a bit. With no scandalous guys, not only is my blog boring – but I myself am bored too. I definitely believe in the law of attraction – that by focusing on positive or negative thoughts, you can bring certain results into your life. In this case – I loveee drama, so am I attracting the wrong type of guy? Let’s have a quick recap of my last two months of dates:
Not only do I have all these other things on my plate, I am also in the process of getting a memorial tattoo done in honor of my grandmother. I’ll update things with that when the time gets near.
And yes, I know you could arrest without a warrant…but come nah man…is 6 months all yuh planning this thing!
Er . . .
Twin Liquors
I am so humbled and grateful for the opportunity of helping people through my experience in life.
The online payment system began as a pilot project in 2007 and has expanded to include 35 schools. Should the Board approve additional financial support in the 2012-13 budget process, an implementation plan to rollout the online payment system to all remaining schools will be put in place. This initiative still allows parents the option to pay by cash or cheque.
The next time I looked up, I didn't see her so I looked over my shoulder to see if she was at the litter boxes. Nope. Hmmm... okay. Shrugging, I figured she'd left the room so I turned my attention to putting laundry into the washer. That's when I discovered THIS:
Weeding
Sounds good to ME!
Entering the apartment, I feel like Audrey Hepburn's character in Charade, opening the door of her Parisian apartment to find it stripped bare. Mine lacks the gilt and the Givenchy of the Hollywood scenario; but the emptiness of a tall-ceilinged Parisian apartment is dramatic. In addition to the echoing from the parquet to the moldings, there is the stark blackness: I have no more lamps.
-Bedtime
I bake the bread, you gimme the crust
And then, when you start to see things shift and flow, begin to claim what is yours, not just in your own sphere, in your own — what we would call your own neighborhood, although your neighborhood is your best and strongest mirror for the changes that are occurring upon your planet. But look beyond. Look to your state, your nation, your continent, and then your world, and then claim, throughout the universe.
“Marriage is long” said the Dowager Countess, “make sure you spend it with the right person.” I thought of this at 3am when I heard our new puppy howling, yelping, crying and I rolled over and nudged my husband awake. After a quick squeeze he got up and made it downstairs to calm the little girl. I fell back to sleep and was jarred awake four hours later with the alarm. I found him downstairs asleep near the crated puppy, also snoring sweetly. My hero.
On the market - Speaking as a resident on the English side of the Scottish border, beers wearing the Belhaven name can prove shockingly hard to locate. Options are far greater on home turf. But fear not, for the brewery's online store is more than able to supply your needs.
Since a lot of you seemed to find my complications worksheet useful, I'm going to also share the character worksheet I use. Fair warning though, it's long and complicated. I'll add some discussion and break it down into several different posts. You can download the whole thing as a pdf document here:
Take them out, keep aside to cool for a while and either dig in, or once they are completely cool, refrigerate for further use.
Liya
- kernels from 2 ears of corn
So here´s a vision: a Nineteenth century house, lit up with candles and chrystal chandeliers. It´s Christmas Eve and there´s a big party going on. Everyone´s at the table; gala dresses, pretty hairdos, jewelery, lots of noise and laughter. Outside: poor people, skinny and badly dressed, in blueish light, looking in on the festivities.
God did not put us on this earth to suffer any of that crap! ! !
Our days used to be determined by weather, previous engagements and where does Pup want to go today?
Nicola
Ewww.
Beat the Winter Blues with Citron Yellow
This is why I will be voting in People Magazine's Reader's Choice Hero contest for Andrea Roberts. She has created an organization called Reece's Rainbow, named after her son with DS, to help these children from around the world find their forever families through adoption. Over 300 children are growing up loved, healthy, and happy because of Andrea's work.
The Orange Wave Band Boosters will host a reception following the concert.
Driving home I thought this new big retail attitude was going to be the salvation of Mom and Pop stores.
You can win these two stamps It's a Boy and It's a Girl.
Just make sure you get there early to get a taste of Tempest's beers before they run out. It's going to be sooner rather than later.
We wouldn’t be debating the reality of climate change. Governments and corporations would recognize that fossil fuel production is far too expensive in its total impact on Earth resources, biosystems and human health to be sustained anyway. What is the logic in amassing ultimate wealth if to do so you destroy the very basis of that wealth production?
I’ll never forget the number of people I’d never met before some of whom had never voted before who shook my hand as I stood at the Polling Station in 2008 after we stopped sending people to that place.
At the video, for banned from tv
It was fun. Most of us went back to his dads and hung out for a few more hours. Good time all around.
I did find out that the ex is in town. Made me crazy for a while. The last time he was in town, he came to my house and left a note and then contacted a friend of mine demanding to see son and me. I decided to just lay low, go out as little as possible and make sure I go nowhere near where I know their stomping grounds are. It's been 4 years and he usually went about 3 years and then would start something so being it's the holidays and being in town, that combination would be a pretty strong trigger to make him start his crap again. I'm a little scared.
We enjoyed spending time with our older son, and with friends who also live in Canberra. One of my favourite coffee roasters has a shop not far from the festival, so of course a visit there was part of the trip and some beans have come home with us.
Attributes: Agility-d8, Smarts-d6 (A), Spirit-d6, Strength-d10, Vigor-d6
It's not been quite a month since my last entry, but close. A lot has gone on since my last post, my mom is now in Rehab/LTC (long term care) here in Alabama. She was moved the Monday after Easter. On Easter I got a call from my stepdad that she had passed her swallow test. That was AMAZING news, as just the day before she failed. While it's still a long road to go down, this is so very positive. They are still working on this at the LTC/Rehab place and plan to do a swallow test today and hopefully get her on a diet of food, not liquid food thru the tube as currently. I pray she passes, not only because I want her to regain functions, but because I think it will help her move forward on healing. I know her body has to be weak, it's been over a month since she had a real meal and she's been complaining of headaches nonstop.
prepare meringue by whisking egg whites at high speed until it turns foamy
According to handlers John Griffiths and Ben Hughes, Phil weighs 15 pounds and thrives on dog food and ice cream in his climate-controlled home at the Punxsutawney Library.
I am really enjoying this book and can't wait to see how it all ends. I still have quite a few chapters left and I know it could go any which way....which makes it a great book. I can't predict how it will turn out. If you like historic novels or romance novels I suggest you read this one, I promise you wont be disappointed.
I’ve travelled a pile before. I don’t say that lightly, I’m know I’m lucky. But it has always been to places where there was a known face at the other end, (though never standing behind the arrivals barrier ready to call out my name, I’m secretly waiting for my Love Actually moment, it will happen one day!), where I more or less knew how I was going to get there and where I was going to stay. While I wait for Sciences Po to give the final verdict on my exchange application, I feel utterly helpless in the ability to put any real plans in place, much less, seriously consider making any commitment or investigation into the various great opportunities for share house/apartments that are currently being advertised via the uni’s facebook site…
7. Anything else you want to say? I am a grill master and an impressive species of suburban neanderthal.
I have a new tutorial up at The Pioneer Woman's if you haven't seen it yet.
Sunday night at Caerleon is Quiz Night. Helen Yendall and Christine Cherry set the quiz and ask the questions. They must devote a lot of time to this and always treat us to a good night. We split into teams of six. So why are there five of us here? That's because Simon Whaley took the photo. Our team's name was Whaley's Women and we came second.
Your code is either native 1) machine code (compiled) or runs under another abstraction layer: (2. interpreted scripts or 3. virtual machine byte code).
Descending the first major hill wasn’t easy too, for me. I didn’t want to switch to free gear, which I assumed would make the next climb more difficult, if I wanted to keep the momentum. I had to control my pace. Returning to the T-junction, we ran straight ahead towards the other direction of the Persiaran, which would ultimately lead us to Puncak Jalil. Here was THE killer slope, which looked frightening, even if one was driving. This was the absolute challenge, I thought. I tried not to look up, and focused on the dividing white lines on the road instead. The killer slope actually consists of a few smaller slopes, which made the climb even more difficult. Reaching the end of the first slope, we had a couple of seconds to catch our breath before continuing to ascend the second slope. And this vicious cycle would continue. After a while, one would lose interest in counting the number of slopes and just wished the race would end soon.
5×7 set of Animal ABC Flashcards
When going down the hills, remember to put extra space between you and those around you. Everyone’s going faster and you need more time to react if someone loses control. That guy riding down the hill with no hands? You definitely don’t want to ride close to him. He could easily lose it, so put even more space between him and you by slowing a little. Or, if you can, pass him so he’s behind you.
That pretty much sums up my weekend. You can all go back to work now.
On and on and on I step out that front door and im gone!
"Oh. You screamed like there was a man eating spider attacking your face."
“The study, published today in The Open Chemical Physics Journal, describes a finding of ‘red/gray bi-layered chips’ in samples of dust taken from vicinity of the World Trade Center following its destruction. Using tools such as a scanning electron microscope (SEM) and x-ray energy dispersive spectroscopy (XEDS) to analyze the material, the study authors concluded that, ‘the red portion of these chips is found to be an unreacted thermitic material and highly energetic.’”
boiling water 2 cups.
She cheered for me..............
About Face(book)
11 - Photographic (Cover)
1 record
I skipped the first water station (in hindsight, possibly a mistake) and was hanging on to my 8:50ish pace. I was keeping the people I'd picked out in my sights and I felt, well, I guess I just felt okay. Just like my other two half marathons I felt kind of dizzy and not well-fueled. I still haven't figured out the perfect combination of foods to eat before a hard morning run.
You can only have one
A. Suppose you set yourself the project of cooking a dinner party for yourself and five friends.
I was in a training bra for about five seconds, and the next thing I remember I was fourteen years old, standing in a department store dressing room with my mother, and she was gasping, “Good lord! Where in god’s name have you been hiding those?! I had NO idea!”
It is a calm, mellow day in the summer. Two friends Named: JASON LEWIS AND MARIO BALLOTELI
Sprinkle Chocolate over the fingers then spoon a layer of Cheese mix over that
It is not a secret that consuming the fatty acids found in fish brings many healthy benefits. The acids do wonders for our brains. In fact, Omega-3 is literally our brain’s fuel, helping to maintain its core functions. Our most important organ heavily relies on Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA), two long-chain Omega-3 fatty acids that our bodies cannot create. The only way to obtain those acids is through diet.
And yeah, I already knew that. But it was still nice hearing it.
Ecce Homo was pseudo-autobiographical shameless egotism. Though he was only a stretcher-bearer in the war, Nietzsche calls himself a “swaggering old artillery man” adored by all the ladies. In fact, he was a lonely old man who could not stand the sight of blood, an emotional dwarf prancing like Napoleon. What’s most terrifying is that he willingly embraces his falsehood and fantasy. It is consistent with his philosophy or preferring “whatever is life-enhancing” to truth. “Why not live a lie? He asks.
But what about the tacos? A 10! A 10! Seriously. Perfect modern fusion. Authentic yet innovative. This is what I am looking for in a taco, something that blows my mind and opens it up to all the taco possibilities.
To begin with, we gave each child a weekly allowance of a dollar, paid in 10 dimes. I explained (over and over again for months – every single week) that when I gave them one dollar, that equals ten dimes. If you have ten dimes, we give one to Jesus. We put 3 dimes in save, and we get to spend 6 whole dimes! Now 6 dimes won’t go far, so I would take them to the dollar store twice a month to spend their treasure. Once they had the dime thing down, I raised their allowance to 20 dimes a week. The boys began to understand the concept of percentages, they saw their savings growing, and once a week, they had a little cash to spend. I took them to Target to take a look at the things they could buy if they just waited a week or three, and they began to learn to save short-term as well. Eventually, I began to pay the kids in a variety of coins, allowing them to make change for themselves out of their spend bank. They learned to count coins, and to add and subtract. All in all, I think it worked well.
The evening was far from a waste. The band played quite well. Alexei, a newish friend and the sound engineer who is recording the Dentones in his studio, got the PA very nicely balanced. The bartender liked us a lot, offered the consoling words that early shows are notoriously hard to populate, and gave me free beer for the rest of the evening. Also, Garrett Williams, the drummer for Right or Happy (with whom we are doing a May 29th gig) caught the last few of our tunes. He was probably there on a fact-finding mission to make sure our PA is acceptable and that the Dentones are, too. He talked to Big A for a bit (they have a mutual friend who was the genesis of this upcoming gig), introduced himself to the rest of us, and said we sounded good.
Copper color, white head. Nose has a citrus hops and maybe some butter. Strong to moderate citrus hop taste with a quick finish. I see ya with the nice bread going on. I'm good to go with this pale ale. Its not a West Coast, but more like a weak American to a Strong British Pale Ale. Some cara-pils in there and more bread as it warms. 3 Star.
130/65.. 1:43
For some insurance company to live present-day they need to get them to be bringing down their costs every month and changing their costs every single day. Just about every American needs to ensure they’ve already the very best vehicle insurance available so you should definitely search for more cost-effective quotes today.
The blurring years go by,
Me: Um, a few months ago? So we can talk to them?
It was when I found a lady who run a business renting wall space to crafters, that I began to make some pretty good money. Those who make and sell crafts are well aware that the hard part of crafting is setting the prices of your finished projects. In addition to covering the expense of your materials, you have to figure how much your time is worth.
We have a bit of a landmark challenge this week. This is Kaboodle Doodles 100th Challenge! We want to thank all of you so much for playing along with us and making it so much fun each week. It wouldn't be the same without you and we look forward to seeing more of all of you in the weeks and months to come. THANK YOU!
I have lived in my neighborhood for 10 years (8 of those with no dog) and in the 2 years since I adopted Remi I have met and befriended people I was too “busy” to meet pre-dog (more people know my dog more than they know me!) and I have learned that instead of always rushing to a destination I can simply stroll around the city and enjoy the journey.
Vallejo is scheduled to speak with students in six Faculties of the University of Havana about topics such as the political situation in Chile, the student protests of last year, and the strengthening of social movements in the South American nation. She will also meet with members of the Latin American Continental Organization of Students and of the Cuban Federation of University Students, as well as with Chilean medical student studying here in Cuba.
he told her what she wanted to hear.
in the long straight sedate green waters
Need to balance both sides, otherwise you get a physical illness
then returned two days later with the paperwork.
But all of a sudden he was telling a story, a funny anecdote about his aunt who he met in Davao. It was hilarious, and our laughter washed over my faltering words, over my doubt. He was louder than doubt, eyes grinning, his laughing face half hidden in the candlelight.
What else has been going on this week? The kids have finished school for the calendar year.
My rating: ****
Data collection on the Nile provided the thread that wove together early attempts at collaborative development. However, on its own it falls far short of providing a sound framework for development and of overcoming differences and disputes between states. This partly reflects the concern felt by some states that earlier efforts were little more than a distraction from key water allocation issues.
Mrs. Carter raced to the front of the room and announced sternly “Everyone, we will be exiting out the front door into the interior hallway of the main building next to the cafeteria. I want you to pick up your Social Studies Book, the big thick book under your desk, and bring it with you. Now we will start with the row the farthest from the door, quietly walk single file and do not stop on the way. Gladys, you need to make sure the room is clear since you are the last one on your row. Can you do that?”
So went an interesting year in the women’s deuce. Next I’ll take a look at the men and women’s 400.
Reaching for his whiskey, wishing to fly,
It is not always easy to devote time for your spouse, Pastor Young admitted. Just three days into the sex challenge he said he was so tired after getting up before dawn to talk about the importance of having more sex in marriage that he crashed on the bed around 8 p.m. on Tuesday night.
2. a person who is incapable of serious thought or concentration
But what price no sex with guys as gorgeous as Cooper and March? And in this film they are tall, well-dressed and full of callow insecurity coupled with 'they don't know how hot they are" extra hotness -- and the result my favorite performance from either of them. I don't think I've ever seen March more relaxed, less like his usual coiled spring thespian self, or Cooper more beautiful, almost feminine with his eye liner and creaseless face. Look at his visage in the top picture; not a furrow on either's brow. Or look into Cooper's haunting eyes, has he ever seemed more alive or intelligent or sensual? Together they display the kind of rapport you seldom see in men outside of a rock band, the military, or Howard Hawks movies (Hawks collaborator Ben Hecht wrote the script loosely patterned off of Noel Coward, for whom the boy-boy romance was surely more complicated).
So, I guess I’ve been practicing community building all along and when we finally start to travel and live in new places, I’ll use my Starbucks experience – Be the first to smile. Always say hello. Never miss an opportunity to talk to a stranger – you’ll hear the most interesting stories. Take the comfy chair and sit awhile. Relax and enjoy.
Okay, I know I've been a little MIA around here - I promise, it's not because I don't love you - I DO!! I've looked at every comment and checked out every link from the {holiday sweet swap} and I am going to start doing some featuring - I swear! And I have so many ideas brewing and blooming in my head for crafty tutorials and delightful recipes to share with you!
Stage two dealt with the sky and blocking in the mountains in the far background. This was a great learning point for me because the fast-drying Acrylics do not have such incredible blending characteristics! It was very enjoyable to apply the techniques described earlier in the book and to produces such wonderful results.
On the other hand, York Castle Museum is hands down the weirdest museum I have ever visited and any traveler who enjoys euros in their pockets should stay far away.
Morello: Okay. We’re going to talk about the new game mode, Supremacy. Is everyone here?
Make a glaze by mixing together the ground almond with the icing sugar and the egg whites.
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
Instead of the desk, my coffee table beside the sofa contains all my day to day needs. Three baskets containing correspondence: Work, Non-work and Finance. Also my kindle, my Filofax, various index card boxes, notebooks, coasters for coffee, pots of pens, bookmarks and highlighters, a glass bowl of green and white glass "power stones" made for me by youngest daughter, a plant in a red cache-pot given by middle daughter, a box of tissues, a mouse-mat (quite redundant since I work on a MacBook Air with mouse trackpad, but it came from the London Review of books and has keyboard shortcuts for diacritics.
He must have been bemused or confused when, right at the very start of the show, compere-for-the-evening Vivienne Soan explained her husband Martin Soan was at home but then he appeared naked, behind her, with a brown paper bag over his head. She appeared not to notice him.
Again, I made sure to get swatches both with flash and without. Here is how it looks with my camera’s flash:
For two years, Ian bugged us about coming back out for a visit. Keith and I finally managed to go in 2008 for another long weekend. The first thing Ian said to us was "where's your kids?", at which point I laughed, because this was the first break I'd had since the last time we out in CA.
I guess Vaughn forgot about the Man from U.N.C.L.E. episode he and Tim did together in 1967.
b. Ask Questions:
“Riley, stop spacing out. Eat your food,” Nico scolded.
The Home Depot and California Relays meets need to be resurrected and put back on the schedule. New York and Eugene need to become FULL meets again that are worthy of attracting the world’s best without having to be bent and twisted to fit the Diamond League format. Because if we have any hope of regaining a place of prominence within the track and field community with respect to competitions here in the U.S. this is certainly not the way to do so. We’re not just losing ground to traditional track countries like Great Britain – which now has London, Gateshead AND Birmingham on the schedule – but to upstarts like Doha, Kingston, and Daegu. Granted Jamaica is a trackc happy place and has been working towards getting a major meet on the map for a while, but Doha and Daegu? When Wallace Spearmon ran 19.65 there in ’06 I had to Google it to see just where it was!
But I’ve gotta be bold
I repotted the faux orchid that I purchased ages ago at Pier One. It originally came in a taupe/brown colored clay pot that I spray painted white during a white-obsessed phase a few years back. During the holidays, I bought a shiny silver pot at Crate & Barrel, but never got around to doing anything with it. I like the bigger size and color of the CB pot and ended up repotting my orchid.
Ashley: *pause* …it’s oven safe!
Married: 11/17/2001
And so to our final day here in Norway.
Man, right on brutha 9th, right on...nuff respect
A photo collage I made on Picasa and uploaded to Walgreen's. This is from an afternoon at the Pier last summer. The kids always have fun building castles, digging for shells and splashing around. A great way to cool off on those hot days. :)I had borrowed a neighbors Life's a Beach cricut cartridge. Before I gave it back, I cut out more shells, the sand dollar and castle just for these photos. I used a sketch I found on the Scrap Room blog. I LOVE how this turned out. It is pretty flat too, but without losing that dimensional, textural feel. A huge plus in my book!!!! It won't be eating up a ton of space in my album. I fussy cut some of the flower out of the patterned paper I matted my collage on. I also cut the back out of the base piece. Makes my paper stretch further. Notice there is no cardstock used? LOL
Whats even more satisfying is reading that Dana creates it because she likes to take a break from her computer and make something ephemeral by hand.
With all that being said, I have a confession to make.
Cultural targets are not as spectacular as attacks on infrastructure targets but such attacks would be easier to carry out if only because the targets would in most cases be less protected and more easily accessible. Possible scenarios would be the destruction or infliction of severe damage on Stonehenge; Saint Paul’s Cathedral; York Minster; Canterbury Cathedral; The British Museum; The British Library, and the listed buildings associated with, say, William Shakespeare and Sir Isaac Newton. Universities would be very vulnerable and would result in mass deaths. Attacking cultural targets would serve to underline the “clash of civilizations”; that the physical and intellectual embodiment of the West was under attack as well.
Level 16: Damage: +16%, Critical Rate: +16%.
11/4 - Kegged the stout. Finished out at 1.016 and a bit cloudy, though the taste wasn't too bad. Maybe a little tart, though no off apparent flavors thankfully. Overall, this is not the beer I intended to brew. I had the worst stuck sparge of my life during the mash and my efficiency subsequently went down the tubes. Starting gravity was 1.050ish and with such a high final gravity, the ABV on this one is a measly 4.4%. I also ended up with a 5 gallon batch due to the stuck sparge issues, a full gallons more than I anticipated. At least, I had enough sense to go with a different bittering schedule, an oz of Fuggles for about 30 IBU. I'll let this beer condition around 45F for a week before I stick it in the kegerator for the full carbonation.
"It's a disgrace. We don't see ourselves as collaborators with the Israeli government over its West Bank policy. We don't remember artists boycotting other artists.
Based around classical streets built by Richard Grainger, a builder and developer, between 1835 and 1842, some of Newcastle upon Tyne's finest buildings and streets lie within the Grainger Town area of the City centre including Grainger Market, Theatre Royal, Grey Street, Grainger Street and Clayton Street. These buildings are predominately four storeys, with vertical dormers, domes, turrets and spikes.
Like many children's hospitals, there are non-stop activities available for the patients at Dell, and the Child Life Specialists are amazing. But let's face it - at the end of the day, you're still in the hospital, and that stinks! Especially on birthdays, holidays, and other special days. To help spread some cheer and encouragement, St. Jude's (which is celebrating 50 years of finding cures and saving children) has set up a link for you to send e-cards to kids spending their Easter holiday in the hospital. It's free and takes just a few minutes - and you know these little bunnies are worth it. So, HOP to it, y'all!
Moody nodded as she rose and saw the sheriff to the door. Watching him back out, she thought she saw him wipe the side of his face like one would wipe away a tear. Well, it was either a tear or sweat from this horrible, horrible, heat.
Our efforts won’t be without opposition, but they will certainly have the strong support and enablement of our God (1 Peter 3:13-18).
And I was especially reflecting on this point lately, emancipation and independence. How many women choose to follow their ideals in spite of others'? In spite of their boyfriends', husbands or even families?
Sexy
It wouldn’t be a 1990s Attenuate bold afterwards a ton of clutter to collect.
"We'd better get some sleep. We have a lot of miles to cross tomorrow, and we won't do it if we're tired. Go to bed. Syrin will sleep when he's finished."
For the first time in human history, we can shop for life partners the same way that we shop for anything else. Instead of trusting in others’ wisdom, we rely on algorithms that automatically suggest the most compatible partners. There have always been many fish in the sea—we’ve just never before had access to them.
Budget Secretary Butch Abad and wife, Congresswoman Dina Abad; PMS Chief Julia Abad, and Finance Secretary Purisima’s Chief of Staff Luis Abad visited the site together. Asked about their favorite link, they said, “Home.”
First I put the paper I was stamping on down, then the paper mask over the area I wanted to look like snow on the ground, then rubber stamped over it using Memento Black. I made sure that the ground part of the image stamped onto my mask, so when I moved the paper mask all that was left was my rubber stamped image missing the ground area of the artwork. I used a sponge dauber and Memento "London Fog" gray ink pad and gently applied ink in an upward motion over my paper mask. I moved the paper mask to a different spot and repeated the ink application with the sponge.
If by chance you might favor the essence of your favorite pizza toppings all congealed together in a flavorful tomato cheese sauce resting on the a bed of creamy cheesy noodles instead of pizza crust, then this dish is for you.
Crushed Smarties to decorate
“In Africa, we see that Ghana and Nigeria which obtained their independence at almost the same time as Malaysia, were doing very well. But because their politics was bad, these countries have declined,” said the New Zealand political science graduate.
Now, onto today’s card:
“Why? What about the bottle?” Lisa asked.
The Burwood Inn
Our first stop was at Barrio Brewing Company in a gritty industrial area of Tucson. The old warehouse building is enough to make you want to come inside for a closer look, but add fresh, local beer and the draw is just too strong to resist! The exterior of the building seems largely unchanged from the days when it housed the Tucson Warehouse and Transfer Company. The loading dock has been cleverly converted for use as a patio and you’ve got to climb some steps to enter the front door. The music and atmosphere at Barrios are top-notch and when we visited, early afternoon on a weekday, the place was not especially busy.
In my mouth, my tongue I am biting -
William Holden’s first movie!
Love you
ignoring that their motivation might not be gear. Doesn’t it?
Mr. Strachey (by Private Notice) asked the Minister of Aviation whether he is aware of the growing public concern over the recent accidents to aircraft belonging to private airlines, including the Dakota aircraft that crashed near Carlisle on 17th October; whether he will give the number of fatal accidents per million passenger miles flown for aircraft of the private airlines and the public Corporations respectively during 1960 and 1961 to date; and whether he will issue new and stricter safety regulations for all aircraft on charter flights.
3. Do you read much Australian crime fiction? Can you give us a few standouts that you've read recently? What do you think of the current state of the Australian crime fiction scene?
It’s all me. Except sometimes on Fridays. Then I’ll say, I kidnapped someone and am reblogging their material.
that you have come among men.
Here are some photos of our master bedroom. I wanted to put up something above our bed, but the budget I had was low. I wanted to put two picture frames on there, but it was going to be more than I wanted to pay. So, what you see on this photo was the budget solution for me. At my favorite store, IKEA, you can find TYGLÖSA frame and fabric. I put them together following instructions and voila! I felt very crafty although it only required a little labor to do it.
And the sands of time, I do spread them out now, with your flight life you’re always
In my world, spring’s penultimate days were spent fretting over all-important teenage matters. I was busy splitting my time between the anxiety of end-of-term exams and the exciting prospect of summer trips with friends and family. By the time my birthday whizzed past, the constant flux of giddy hope and dismal woe had me capped out emotionally. I could barely focus on my schoolwork, let alone notice what was happening in the world.
A few months before I was born, back in the early 1960s, my Dad met a stranger who was new to our small town. From the beginning, Dad was fascinated with this enchanting newcomer, and soon invited him to live with our family. The stranger was quickly accepted and was around to welcome me into the world a few months later. As I grew up, I never questioned his place in our family. Mum taught me to love the Word of God, and Dad taught me to obey it. But the stranger was our storyteller.
That’s bad enough, but Judge Jones said that until recently, all 88 court employees had the ability to log into a computer system to erase tickets and fines and could use that ability to help out family and friends.
Beautiful classical music filled the room, perfectly synchronized to the images that moved up and down each wall, and faded into the next. This was not your traditional art exhibit, it was more than an installation, it was an experience. Over 3,00o different images covered the walls, columns and even the ceiling, allowing the viewer to feel completely immersed in the vivid colors and vibrant images of Van Gogh’s work. It was absolutely captivating and a wonderful way to immerse oneself into the art and world of Vincent Van Gogh.
Indeed this is the true gift of Andrew’s music. Aside from the precision of his musical talent, which is flawless and professional, placing his work in a completely different category from most new age music, he is truly a channel for something “other”. An other that one cannot but think of as belonging to the highest of dimensional realms. A pure consciousness that lives beyond the worlds and which touches and transforms. This higher dimensional presence is in all of Andrew’s work, but is particularly visible here and it’s an honor to be held in this space for the duration of this musical journey. Thank you Andrew for being the conduit to such perfection and healing. This album is an opening and an initiation. A true beauty to behold.
While Paul was a free man, he willingly gave to the needs of others. He said in 2 Corinthians 12:15, “I will very gladly spend and be spent for you.” He set the example in giving to the needs of others. This is also seen 1 Corinthians 16:1 as the Lord laid on his heart the plight of the believers in Jerusalem. He wrote to these people who were reluctant to give, “Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I have given order to the churches in Galatia, even so do ye.”
prescriptions were refilled.
Diana, the Christian spinster with Tourette’s, held my interest for a glimmer of a minute before I realised that she too was just another mouthpiece for Coupland’s clichés. Harj, the Sri Lankan call centre worker, was also readable. But the others? I got to the point where I was just skimming the pages rather than reading their narratives. Julien was the worst. A smug World of Warcraft fanatic, he insisted on reproducing pages of gaming narrative as well as a long plot summary of the sci-fi anime Space Battleship Yamato. Yawn. I get that Julien is meant to be annoying but there’s no excuse for devoting a near-fifth of your book to a character so dreary that readers will barely be bothered to hold the book open at the right page.
Zig 2-Way Pen
alert to respond to whatever he wills.
Alice meets up with the caterpillar and asks him which way she should go, he says well where do you want to be and she replied that she did not really know to which he responded in that typical fashion of someone with many many legs, that it did not matter which way she went in that case.
Suitcase: Failed Experiments And Trashed Aircraft: 02, 10, 14, 15, 16, 17
According to Watson, the time had come for Barbadians to ask themselves how far they were prepared to take development and “do we want to concretise this island from North Point to South Point?”
Happy hunting,
These little booklets are perfect places to use those little scraps of paper that are too good to throw away - they are perfect embellishments - tear them & distress the edges.
I was on my feet talking to people, making deals, and selling things ALL MORNING.
I’m currently reading “The Perks of Being A Wallflower” and the main character read this poem.
harvest moon
13. Greasy Spine
When you don't sleep much, when the dog Insomnia has you in his teeth and he shakes you, shakes you, worries and gnaws at you, it doesn't matter when you go to bed - after a certain time, you wake.
A sky I’ve flown, a street I ran
Rangpur Limes:
Now Ive had pretty bad luck with wild fermentations in the past, part of me thinks this is due to the constant heat around here in Phoenix. So was I decided to do was do a "starter" using a bit of grain and some DME. I stepped it up a couple times to hopefully kill off any enterobacter in there that would cause those awful hot garbage tastes/smells. The culture seemed to be coming along amazingly well, it reeked of fruit (peaches actually!) and was slightly tart. So I pitched it into a fairly simple malt bill of some spelt, maris otter and pils. I kept the hopping light so as to mesh well with the anticipated sourness and the peaches.
It's been a busy week. Travis is working 12 hour shifts, 4:30am to 4:30pm. Callan thinks it's time to get up at 4:30am. We're up for a a little over an hour, then he goes back to bed for about an hour.
After spending all that time sorting through fabrics and determining where they sit on the colour wheel, my head is spinning and I'm beat. Whew! Who knew how tiring all this thinking would be.
The sound of music hard to face
Entrepreneur Chick is reading a very famous businessman's book over again.
corollary: You may buy a new gadget on sale but you could be carrying it home in the dark.
It was designed and built by Sir W.G. Armstrong & Co who began construction in 1876 and finished 2 years later in 1878. The bridge provided a high level roadway over the Ouseburn river and Jesmond Dene connecting the suburbs of Heaton and Jesmond. It was pedestrianised in either 1960 or 1963 and substantially repaired in 1983 not long after it had won a reprieve from demolition.
“I’ve gone over and taken a look at some of the looks and it’s all being generated…” Now I’ve already touched on some folks outright using the programs at my behest, but I need to pause for a second to point something out. The first round was over 70% in-game shots. So I’m going to presume the comment was made based on the rounds where contestants were required to have a specific item in their outfit and thus it was harder for people to have everything they wanted/needed.
Optoma Pico Pocket Projector Review
Be the One! is a much needed, God-fearing and inspiring message to transform the hearts and minds of every individual in this nation. If the United States wants to overcome its current challenges and continue to be a global leader, we must turn from our unproductive ways and seek after God’s plan for our life. Be the One! challenges everyone to get right with God and to accept responsibility for their future, finances, physical health, relationships, and their nation. It not only inspires individuals towards personal victory, but it also provides a plan to restore our nation to preeminence and godliness.
serene in the midst of sorrow.
Martha finally blinked, her eyes stinging with the effort of her previous, vacant stare as she considered what this meant. She didn’t have cancer. She wasn’t sick. She was carrying a child instead of a tumour. A child that she and Eric would care for and nurture and guide through life, school, college, university. A child that they could spoil with presents and family holidays and friendly sleepovers. A child that was, at this moment, growing inside her belly that she would carry for nine months until, finally, they could meet a tiny, screwed up pink baby that would cost them the earth and keep them up all night worrying about fevers and teething and if the newly decorated house was child-proofed enough to prevent any fatal mishaps.
Transparent Frame : Glitz Design
A spokesman for Mr Livingstone refused to comment on individual expense claims and defended his foreign trips, claiming they won valuable business for London.
Forty days and nights of rain have washed this land
cucumber slices.
5:07: We arrive home. I make dinner for myself while trying to decide what everyone else is going to eat. I'm on a very specific food plan in an attempt to lose some of my chubbiness.
The color is bright, brilliant gold. The heavy carbonation bubbles up like ginger ale. The finger of foamy head looks like Italian Ice. Looks like a light lager, but I won't let that scare me off.
“I was surprised by the level of openness that I found among the Air Force pilots who are usually not that candid,” Ben-David told CBN News.
In the parable, the Pharisee was a representative of the legalistic spectrum of Judaism. They used the law as a means of salvation, not knowing that the law was given to show them their sin. In assuming the wrong purpose of the Mosaic code the Pharisees were actually lawbreakers.
I love time at the spa. I love time hangin' with the girlfriends.
Mysore has brought many fun times! We have been able to explore some of Mysore in the minimal free time we get outside of classes. I have visited the local zoo and an "American" mall. I have also had many trips downtown to see the palace, the local market, and so much more. Many girls on the trips have had sari's tailored and one of the guys recently got a suit tailored.We have also had a few meals downtown at some local "touristy lonely planet" restaurants that have all been really good. I also should not forget to mention the monkeys. They have terrorized the group a few times by stealing bannanas from rooms or going through our garbage. They can actually be quite aggressive. A few days ago a few monkeys were going through garbage outside of our classroom. We tried to simply scare them off with no luck. A local worker actually had to grab a pellet gun to scare them off.
Robert Reich on the forgotten American worker - the economy is expanding incrementally, but paychecks aren't. Link here
I die longing
Last night, we think largely due to the rain, there were three men and two women (Linette and I) in the Beginner 2 class at Salsa Heat. It was a great opportunity for us. Everyone had been in this level before, and we only needed to briefly review Dile Que No, which is retaught at the beginning of each and every Beginner 2 class, without having to spend over half the class going over the basics. I think Dile Que No is retaught each time because it is so integral to the transition of the next dance move-- couples can always come together and Dile Que No after every move. So, we Dile Que No'ed, we practiced Check and Vuelta, and then Sombrero.
Hay: "There's a home-based VP of sales role here; £80 to £100k selling BPO. What's BPO?"
While on their way to the scene, authorities came into contact with 50-year-old Juan Arellano. He was carrying a 16 oz. can of Natural Ice beer.
So, it seems to have settled in nicely, being reasonably busy on my 3 visits (less last night, but that was a Monday). And I am taking Davefromtshop their tonight so hopefully I will have the opportunity to delve in to the citrus delights of a Dark Star Revelation once more.
6. Joe Jackson seems to come out with a great album about every five years.
A couple of weeks ago, I noticed some retro-looking Schwinns advertised in the Target sale ad, and just as in high school, I couldn't seem to let it go. I wanted one. Marketing experts have got us 30-somethings pegged with nostalgic toys. Cabbage Patch Kids, Smurfs, Care Bears, Transformers, and now bikes with big, high handlebars and baskets attached to the front. Very likely we are drawn to them because it makes us feel younger, comforted, happy. Or perhaps we're financially independent now, and can buy these things for ourselves, instead of begging our parents for months on end and wishing on stars.
Today, being so rested from lack of running paid off. A PPTC teammate caught up with me in the last quarter mile. I was just hoping to hold steady. She yelled at me as she passed me and egged me on to follow her. She kept checking in with me and I grunted back. Final results are still pending but I'm pretty sure I owe her a PR.
The accomodating bar staff will even remove the sparkler and pour your pint into a straight non dimpled glass if you ask nicely.
We look pretty happy
I took a little trip to the library with my niece and just like Jim Dales quote stated, it was an adventure back to my childhood.. The visit however... was to entertain my niece but I found it just as, or even more entertaining then she did.... Here's why?
The God who makes the wind blow and bids the eagle fly
That was last week, it seems an eternity ago… who knew that waiting could be so exhausting?
3. Preheat oven to 180c.
European Registry of Congenital Anomalies (Eurocat). Report 7: 15 years of surveillance of congenital anomalies in Europe 1980–1994. Scientific Institute of Public Health-Louis Pasteur, Brussels 1997.
Even still, the night was agony. My mom said she kept looking at the sky, hoping to see some light, some signal of time passing. She felt like it would never end. But, as all hard things do, the night finally did come to an end. Morning came and they got her on the power boat and to the ramp at Bullfrog Marina.
Good news: your PhD degree will earn you about 26% more than your bachelor's degree. Now the bad news: a Master's degree, which takes considerably less time will earn you about 23% more than a bachelor's will. The numbers here are simple: if the outcomes you are primarily concerned with are financial, the PhD doesn't seem to make sense (or cents) for people.
Psalm 100:1-5
A variety of sodas are always available, and most nicer restaurants will serve a variety of cocktails and wines. If you like those, several places will have 2 for 1 Happy Hour that is worth checking out.
5:50 – Boy challenges girl to come up with something better. Girl goes into poem elegizing Lola. Oh, my god, the Lola even cooks rice for the girl in this poem. Ai ya, this is turning into a romance. Enough.
The question begging so typical of the Macpherson Report is on display: it has indeed been asserted, yet by no means demonstrated - ‘so clearly’ - that the murder of Stephen Lawrence was racially motivated. Note, too, the thoroughly unwarranted assertion that, since some of the officers did not agree they must be “institutionally racist”. This is not argument: this is intimidation and it is an ugly and pervasive feature of the Macpherson Report. The logical impossibility of individual police officers’ being “institutionally racist”, as Macpherson asserts, is nevertheless revealing. It demonstrates that in the search for “institutional and unwitting racism” one individual will be enough to initiate a witch hunt. In the Macpherson universe any police officer who does not accept that Stephen Lawrence was the victim of a racially-motivated murder, must, by that very fact, Macpherson implies, harbour some dark secret. He is a “racist”, an enemy who, like Winston in Orwell’s 1984, must be compelled to believe in something he holds to be false. This has nothing to do with justice: this is intellectual violence, the sort which typified Marxist sophistry. If we, the high priests of scientific communism are right, then anybody who disagrees with us must be wrong; our opponent is a class enemy, an “enemy of the people”.
Rerolled as a mage - who got the souls of a Warlock , a Necromancer and a Chloromancer. So far, this is feeling much better as to what I like playing.
The name of Jesus is a fortress
Explain the roles of a man in a marriage, and tell me some of the things you would do in order to help your man to achieve those roles. What groups would oppose your husband from fulfilling those roles, and what have you done in your life to prepare yourself to help your husband in his roles? What are some of the most important things that a man needs from a woman, and what specific things should a wife do to provide them?
That was it: a great natural talent that needed an editor with a ferocious blue pencil - or at least a dab hand for Track Changes. There wasn't much sign that she'd found one in the second novel, Verdigris Deep. which took us out of the parallel world of Mosca Nye in Fly by Night and into a sort of Diana Wynne Jonesy world of meanacing shopping trolleys and hedges and a spirit trapped deep in a well.
Former Worcestershire County Council leader George Lord has been jailed for four years for a series of sexual assaults.
Because the first year at secondary school is always the worst.
The incident happened after Mr Wang was marched into the sitting room of his home on Nottingham’s Bestwood Estate to get cash for the burglars. He hit Shaw with the cleaver a number of times as the burglar attacked his wife and daughter.
"It's been great", said an insider penguin, "when the suits told us to jump, we had a jumping competition. I won!"
The monsters in Sendak’s most famous book are actually modeled on his relatives. I know where’s he’s coming from. Some of my uncles could probably have cameos in a horror movie.
The Speed Sun from Hauck and Esprit is suitable right from your child’s birth, preferably after the third month. It is an easily reliable stroller as it looks to your baby’s comfort and safety. Extremely light weight and easy to put away, the stroller when folded becomes very compact that can easily fit in the boot of your car.
How I Heard About It: I was selected as a blog-tour host for this book. A review copy was kindly provided by TLC Book Tours and the publisher.
I am seriously selling everything from the loft in a bid (ha ha) to make some money and make some space in said loft.
Bearing in mind my aversion to the nasty colour temperature of CFLs, I’m being circumspect about LEDs. I’ve so far bought 5 different bulbs from different suppliers, and I’m experimenting to see which one I like best. I have a favourite so far, but it’s still not perfect, so I’ll keep buying one-off bulbs until I settle on the answer. If you want to know which ones I’ve tried, I’m happy to list them all another time. I keep buying bulbs that list themselves as ‘warm white’. One even promised a colour temperature of 2800k. They all look very similar, and to my eye look quite a bit cooler than 2800k. The main difference is that one of them comes on instantly, and the others all have different delays of up to a second. So now if you switch on the lights in the mudroom you get an odd effect of each lamp coming on at a slightly different speed. Also, one was REALLY bright, so I put that in the basement.
-currently listening to: Reinventing Yourself by Steve Chandler
4 storeroom
Love and sex are not the same thing; this is something some people never learn. Sex without love is just physical. Love without sex can be pure, spiritual and true. But sex with someone you love unequivocally, can be gentle and tender, hot and wild, comfortable or simply sublime.
But do they almost lose it towards the end?
We (OPMA) are very fortunate to have such an experienced and hard working staff at ODA. While we are still a long way from having a product in hand, we wanted to thank Director Boggs, Matt Beal, Mike Eckhart and their staff for tirelessly pursuing this complicated but important issue on behalf of our industry and the citizens of Ohio.
I hope this clears up some of the confusion on how to make these! If anyone ever has questions on how I make anything on this blog, you can always email me at livingcraftilyeverafter@yahoo.com!
A-Ha The sun always shines on TV N
Had the leadership team conducted a comprehensive operational audit of the college, they would have known where additional cuts could be safely made. They would have known which programs were vital and which were expendable. They would have been able to engage relevant constituencies in factual discussions to develop fact-based outcomes.
Descriptions of encounters, in particular, this conversation could be potentially inappropriate if I were younger and vulnerable. But I feel tough and impenetrable, and everything the world offers is material. In the middle of the narrative, I was thinking, this is oral history of a convoluted, funny-petty, kind. Fazli could have interviewed him for his book. Karachi was a Playboy Paradise. A mini Europe. Drugs, Sex, Strip Clubs, coupled with Third World tin pot. Everything that is now done at homes and gone underground, and infested with TB and inflation, was out in the open, only waiting for Zia to take a plunger to its innocent, debaucherous heart. The stuff my father never shared with me but I found out anyway, snooping through drawers, at 8, in the quest for material. They went to nude beaches in Germany in the 60s and cruelly told us, the General's bastards (only) adding to our lustful wish list -- fight tyranny, free women, go to nude beach....
Does anything good ever follow the words, "Now don't freak out?"
….and I swear I am not making this up…
Whatever you do, don’t miss a tall glass of piping hot Russian tea, accompanied by a pot of thick cherry jam.
I'm not asking you back but I want you to remember me. Remember us. Don't forget how good it was, cause right now, only knowing that will I be able to feel a little better.
I found this sign at a local furniture store
My opinions on this recipe: More seasoning. Next time I will add in garlic, minced onion, some jalapenos and maybe a few other spices. Overall, I would give this recipe a three out of five stars. That is because I am a marinara type of meatloaf person. However, my husband loved this!
Differences of taste aside, it was helpful to hear the architects' vision for the market area. It will be interesting to see whether the hoped-for developments in usage occur, and how well the new granite and painted tarmac age. At the moment, the square remains a rather empty place and it may require further effort from the Council to change that. More positively, the number of market stalls has apparently increased since the changes so there are grounds for optimism.
Through the wailing of tempest
For a balanced view on juicing basics, I found this article extremely helpful. For us, the decision to juice came from the general life-changing decision to eat as many whole foods as possible, limiting the amount of processed “dead” food as possible. Juicing was just one (fun!) way toward that goal.
Daughter
I buy groceries at Walmart
I started my March Momentum funnily enough on 1 March by upping my exercise which I will continue to do. I am confident of a loss next week as sometimes it takes 2 weeks for my body to realise oh she's actually taking this seriously again! I will never give up. No sorry. The dresses I spoke of last week in my post Dressgate, as suspected, did not fit. They are winging their way back to the shop.
Lesson to be learned…If the water tastes funny, don’t drink it. Sulfer is bad for you.
walks along the Grand Union Canal, while London Walks offers guided tours exploring the whole area. If you really want to see canal living first hand, you can take a narrowboat trip down the canal towards Camden. The boat is indeed as the name suggests – no wider than seven feet in order to navigate the canals of Britain and Wales.
One thing lead to another and now yours truly is single.
So Ehrman is misleading his students by suggesting that a messianic interpretation is not possible simply because the word “messiah” does not appear in the text. Christians are not alone in interpreting the passage as messianic.
Now that I have my new bookcase, I'm dying to fill it with books. Did I ever tell you that I love books? I love to read but I also love to sit in bookstores and pour through beautiful design books, fashion books and cookbooks (even though I'm not much of a chef). They say you shouldn't judge a book by its cover but for me, a beautiful book will always steal my heart.
The PS 130 school yard used to be a heck of a lot bigger than it is now. Before the board of education decided to ruin our roller hockey court with more classrooms. Oh, did I say board of education, pardon me, it must be my age. Because "DOE" just sounds like something my grandfather used to hunt for in the Catskills during November.
Kadal and more.Zaina Kadal,the first wooden bridge,was constructed by Sultan Zain-ul-Abidin.
The State of Georgia can keep my penny. Merry Christmas and don’t say I never gave you anything.
Good morning - It's time for another Sweet Sunday Sketch Challenge! Here is the deal: make a card with this layout and use the InLinkz button down at the very end of this post to enter your card. The links will close in two weeks, next Friday at 10 PM (Mountain Time). Be sure to link directly to the blog post or gallery image which features your card. You may post a picture of the sketch on your blog, but please save the
Lauren says, "yep, believe it or not, this inky, stamped card *IS* actually MINE... and no one's more surprised than i am! :) but i was inspired AND educated by this card and video of jennifer mcguire's to try out the "emboss/resist" technique and found it surprisingly easy and fun! i've also pressure-embossed my acrylic letters and snowflakes with a cuttlebug folder, to add a subtle-- but rather lovely-- extra bit of texture."
You see, the best thing about this kind of scare is that he had nowhere to jump. Yes his head moved back and I'm sure there was a little bowel movement, but other than that, nothing. He had no room to move.
You can tell real professionals put this film together and that’s worth a lot – though not nearly everything.
Yes, my sister, Barbara, and I had a wonderful time at the show. We found many dies that just had to come home with us. They did. They were screaming out our names as we walked by them in the Sweet Stamps' booth. Honestly. I'm not kidding. And stamps. Well, let's just say what idiot would go to a stamp show without buying stamps? Certainly not me. Ergo, I am not an idiot. Or, I am not an idiot who didn't buy stamps. Many stamps. Too many stamps. (Can you ever really have too many stamps? Inquiring minds want to know.)
WIP = Wishful Internet Perusal: Like many of us, I spend a lot of time on the web looking at all the pretty yarns. I love 99.999% of what I see, but know I'm never going to get even 00.001%. When I just can't take it anymore, I get out of the house ...
About four weeks ago Patty and Chris, quite possibly the cutest couple of the century, came to visit New York. Over milkshakes I told tales of my summer of love (well, perhaps my love of summer) and the quest and challenge I was facing. Immediately, the two turned towards one another. "Dan?" they said. After scrolling through facebook pictures and learning he was a foodie in advertising with a sense of adventure, well, what more possibly needs to be said?
After chasing her around for a good 15 minutes, she decided that I had had enough cardio. She came towards me looking rather remorseful for putting me through all that. I didn’t care. After putting her collar back on her neck, I affectionately rubbed the thick fur on her back and we headed back home; Cess and I.
We blessed our new baby girl in church last week! It was a beautiful occasion we were able to share with our dear family and friends.
Joseph Arellano
Yep -typical unoriginal Hollywood movies, with the standard boilerplate insults against faithful Catholics, who are portrayed as petty and small-minded, while offering heart-warming sympathy towards those who flip off the Church. As Wilson states, the movie has a predictable conclusion as well – that Turner’s character realizes how wrong she was in trying to change her family. Which is a truism – we don’t have the power to change anyone. But the apparent message is: Catholics don’t love people for who they are; they only judge people on what they do. Well, some individual Catholics do act that way, but it’s not what the Church teaches. It’s not an either/or situation. As Catholics, we are called to love everyone precisely because of who they are – made in the image and likeness of God – and we are called to, yes, judge actions as either being sinful or not. That doesn’t give us license to act like jerks, or become self-righteous – because all of us are sinners. I suspect Turner’s character will be portrayed as being perfect and without sin – after all, she’s been nominated as Catholic Of The Year! - except by movie’s end, she’ll have an epiphany that her Big Sin was the sin of intolerance.
While we’re parading you out
As soon as he entered his father’s house, his mothers embraced him. He very gladly bowed his head in respect to the seven headed by Devakī. Their breasts swelled and became wet out of affection for their son, who they sat upon their laps. Overwhelmed with delight, the tears from their eyes soaked him.
Airy creatures would about arise and advance you for no apparent reason.
Tracking the trajectory of New Testament transcendence, it amazes me that the idea of sovereignty stuck to God so strongly. But the subsumption of transcendence by sovereign power is that strong. This blog continues its commitment to reconfiguring a transcendent good that is free from the transcendent evil that sovereignty so often covertly connotes. So continuing from the previous post, this one explicates a transcendence exemplified by freeing the oppressed and declaring the era of divine favour.
Two recent news stories suggest Britain is not just adopting a policy of appeasement toward sharia, but is already a de-facto sharia state. Firstly, your government is quite incredibly arguing that British Christians should not be allowed to appeal against a ban which outlaws the wearing of crosses in the workplace, and secondly that an Englishman, Darren Conway, has been jailed for twelve months after being found guilty of “religiously aggravated harassment.”
Since my sister-in-law was in town we decided to check out Peeps Fest with the kids. What kid wouldn't want to see a big yellow fiberglass chicken drop from the sky? The Peep drop was also at 6:15 pm so it wasn't past any of our bedtimes. Why were they dropping a Peep? Just Born, the maker of Peeps is based in Bethlehem.
And when I look at the sport in terms of event difficulty, I don’t rank the 5000/10000 in the same vein as I do the half marathon, marathon or multi events – events that take a tremendous toll on the body and that take serious time to recover. Looking at those events for comparison I see the typical elite decathlete competing two or three times a year, and marathoners competing in two or three marathons a year, plus one or two half marathons. Given that rate of competition for those “strenuous” events, I consider five or six races for a 5/10K runner to be rather lite.
They danced to Blues music. Middle boy practiced spell-casting in the backyard with his wand that he whittled and embellished on his own. They listened to a bit of The Iliad on CD, and we talked about how one wouldn't know how to pronounce some of the names unless you heard them first.
It’s incredibly subtle and deeply rooted that it takes a lot of introspection to observe it. It’s the perfect prison – one you can’t see, smell or touch.
Step 1: Get a travel pass, which can be ordered from the internet
Her response: shorts, tank top, your boots.
Girlschool (feat. 'Fast' Eddie Clarke): Emergency
Since I teach technology all the time in my work as a librarian, I’m always thinking in the back of my mind how authors can use technology to make their lives easier. Especially after attending the last meeting of my fabulous Romance Writers of America chapter (shout out to fellow Pocono Lehigh Romance Writers!), it was especially interesting to hear the published authors in that group discuss how much of the marketing of their book falls on their shoulders. Particularly when you already have a full-time job, it’s hard to imagine putting in hours and hours being an active presence on multiple social networks, even though you know you have to be visible.
Catarina, on the opposite side of the Panamerican Highway, and a short walk uphill from San Juan de Oriente's potter's row, is home to several tiny restaurants and juice stands leading toward El Mirador, or "The Lookout." From this impressive vista one looks due east over the crater lake Laguna de Apoyo, beyond which sits Granada and then Lake Nicaragua. To the south, as if adding some sprinkles to the top of the scenic cake, sits the majestic Mombacho Volcano.
Thread the cubes onto a metal skewer, brush with olive oil and season with salt and pepper. Place the skewer around the edge of the fire and turn it frequently until soft all the way through. This will take at least an hour and be careful not to let them burn.
I don't really "do" lighthouses.
I have a thing for burgers. My choice usually goes for a ground beef patty, grilled to medium, and topped with an array of garnishes that can sometimes defy explanation. Sometimes, I feel like going in another direction and make my burger with seafood or just veggies.
So I've decided that I'm going to give it a shot.
Family (Jesuit cohorts).
I took a ton of photos and videos during their stay but this short video is one of my faves.
“If this really is a war for oil, than why don’t you get out of the way and let us drill for our own oil. If it’s really about war for oil than no one has more blood on his hands than you.”
Demonstrators returned to the park for a feast prepared by their food committee. The temperature was forecast to dip to -5C overnight.
a country I would love to visit some day...
Looking forward, let's assume for the sake of argument that the Court of Criminal Appeals concludes later this year that Pikett's methods don't pass muster. Nobody knows how they will decide, of course, and the CCA's track record leans toward admitting such evidence. But my sense is the Court took the case to overturn precedents allowing Pikett's testimony, based in part on apparently perjured testimony about his credentials, especially since he's the only person in the state who performed this procedure.
Much more study would be necessary to show a direct link, but Mikovits says the study offers hope that CFS sufferers might gain relief from a cocktail of drugs designed to fight AIDS, cancer and inflammation.
Now the names of the divisions are given. The Sun begins moving north at the winter solstice. Thus the winter solstice marks the beginning of Capricorn. The Sun begins to move south at the summer solstice, which therefore marks the beginning of Cancer.
So, mom writing a medical journal about herself is no surprise to me. At first I thought it was nuts. However, as I’ve aged and jumped on this wagon ride known as senescence, I’ve thought about it and changed my mind. Maybe I should leave behind some kind of medical timeline for my future gayby too. It’s good to know the good, the bad, and the ugly of the human body and what better source to learn this information from than your primary caregiver – Mom.
6. Remove covers and squeeze out excess water. Roll in a dry fluffy towel. Lay flat to dry.
Model and Victoria Secrets angel Adriana Lima is looking gorgeous on this fashion spread - sexy and demure at the same time... if that is possible. She is one my favorite models on activity these days.
With friends that I’ve known since high school
Uses like this are lexicographically infuriating. We write our definitions, after all, based on the contextual meaning of a word as it appears in edited prose. All you can definitively eke out of these citations is that “santorum” will probably need a usage note.
Gaddafi modeled himself after Omar Mukhtar, The Lion of the Desert, the only other man who has led a genuine, independent Libyan resistance, fighting against a brutal Italian colonization in 1927. Yet, our media tell us it’s just another dead tyrant.
It also reminded me of how I am behind this year with the whole Easter thing. We visited the Easter Bunny and went to an Easter Egg Hunt but that has been it. No decorating eggs. We haven't even decorated the house.
5/21 New York, NY - The Studio at Webster Hall
On Thursday he began with sneezing. He is not necessarily the sort to direct that into his sleeve. On Friday he started sniffling and shuffling. I gave him Tylenol and vitamin C. By afternoon he was complaining of a scratchy throat so I gave him some honey and lemon drops with a topical anesthetic to soothe his throat.
Although his season has been forgettable to this point, Kevin Harvick has a knack for Richmond. Starting third, tonight’s race could remind people who Kevin Harvick is. Don’t be surprised to see him lead a lot of laps tonight.
Thanks for stopping by today. Have a great Mother's day!
2. As the price of renting increases, renters are showing more desire to become home owners. During a recent survey, 59.9% of renters indicated that they intended to renew their lease. This is the lowest percent since 2009. In a blog I posted earlier, it talked about the fact that more renters are able to buy homes than in many years.
1 x YH5507-RED / F / air = 28.00
Basilico Fresco
Entries for North East Open Studios (NEOS) 2012 may have just closed but VSA, the UK’s largest city social care charity supporting people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire, has announced it has space to accommodate further artists and creators at its annual NEOS event at Easter Anguston Farm, Peterculter.
12.) He makes the little moments of ordinary days feel special. Grocery shopping, yard work, making dinner together or curling up on the sofa to watch a movie. None of these are particularly special on their own, but somehow doing them together makes them feel that way. Twelve years of these moments, one piled on top of the other, adds up to a happy marriage.
Not through feng shui.
He disagreed. He did NOT want to be holding her while that was going on : )
The title implies we should feel sorry for D, but he’s not a very sympathetic character. Most of the time he’s a jerk and even though things do not go well for him all the time, it seems to be more of a case of “you sow what you reap.” The film seems to be trying to illustrate the connection between evangelists and rock stars, as on either side of the spectrum it appears to be about money, performance and inevitably betrayal. But there is something missing from the narrative; it just never really pops. It travels a straight continuum, without ever making a strong statement about any of the issues at which it hints – poverty, religion, corruption, superficiality. It definitely had potential, but it never quite got there.
I look out through the black tinted windows to see Darren and Tracy locked in a passionate kiss. The blood from his nose mixing with his dearly beloveds splattered lipstick.
14:50: Chaouachi highlights the huge differences between hookah and tobacco - distance of smoke, temperature, constituent chemicals, duration of smoke, and addictive nature or lack of it - and yet tobacco controllers still cannot distinguish between the two.
I found the whole story at the dating agency was really entertaining, and I enjoyed reading about Amy's matches, both good and bad as the book went on. You could sort of anticipate whether it'd be a good date for Amy or not by the lead up and way the person was discussed, but that didn't spoil my enjoyment of the book. I had a bit of a soft spot for Christopher, the owner of the dating agency, Amy just pretty much ignored him aside from when he was useful to her and I felt sorry for him as I could read between the lines a bit. Amy herself was a fun character, I do have to question her morals a bit because a few of the things she did in the book I found a bit questionable and seemed out of the blue, but in her more normal moments, Amy was great. I can't confess to knowing a great deal more about star signs and compataiblity now I've read the book, but there is enough in there about to keep you going as you read, and it's fun to read about astrology as the book goes on too.
Leave a comment on their blogs and let them know that they are nominated for this cute award!
But I did dig around my 'other' favourite stamp sets to dream up this BIRTHDAY CARD for a relative who loves cats!
In the end Harper knows what she wants and finds herself wanting it to be a success this time and knowing the only way to get that is to jump in and not worry about what will happen. Throwing caution to the wind she jumps in and what a bumpy ride it is. I loved it!
By the time of his death in 2007, Michael Jackson was widely regarded as the world’s leading beer writer and critic. For many beer lovers he still is.
The financial impact of such employee attrition is what really grabs the attention of management. Forty percent of companies report direct costs of $5,000 to $20,000 to replace a single employee, according to a recent talent retention survey. Indirect costs resulting from the impact of the turnover were reported to exceed $10,000 per employee.
For now, the sentiment amongst the Chinese is clear. Come what may, they will stick with Pakatan in GE-13. For the Indians, it is less obvious. In Sabah and Sarawak, the winds of change may be blowing but again, it is hard to gauge if the desire for reform can outstrip the greed for cash that will surely be offered in exchange for their votes.
“For others,” she continued. “It’s a terrifying maze, full of false paths and enemies and… wisdom.”
Whether we are going into school to teach SRE, or run an after school or lunchtime club, we are visitors. Some schools will make us feel really welcome and it will almost feel like home, and other schools will be more like unwilling hosts. As visitors, we should remember to take nothing for granted. For example, I always ask before using a teacher’s equipment, whether it is a pencil or an interactive whiteboard. I make sure that I am polite and friendly to the office staff and any other staff I interact with. I always leave the classroom just as I found it, if not better, and thank the classroom teacher for having me. In other words, I try to be the kind of visitor that someone would invite back. What things do you do as a visitor in a school?
I know I’m not going to be dining out on these pieces, but I’d like to know what YOU think!
Warning, this blog does not contain any swear words, although it is entirely about swearing. (I thought I should keep it clean in case my mother reads it!)
I that point I knew it was going to be a long day, I wasn’t giving up! I thought about an article I recently read on female triathlete Linsey Corbin. She was describing a bad day at the recent Ironman California in which she was 9 minutes off the lead when she started the run-
I had built walls….
Over the upcoming weeks I’m going to be sharing some things that have been working for us while we explore camping with a baby. This means meal planning, packing for a baby under one, picking a campsite and creating a safe space for baby, outdoor crafts and activities for preschool aged kids, and other ideas. If there’s anything you’d be interested in seeing, I’m all ears!
The challenge is to use at least 2 Magnolia stamps on your creation.
To nature you return.
Borlee won the bronze medal in Daegu, but his wins were in unimpressive meets in Izmir, Madrid, and Budapest in a 3 – 8 season. IN addition, he lost to Brown in New York and London. Makng this one of those times when the Circuit outweighed Worlds for me.
Each five-card, 10-pack box of 2011-12 Rookie Anthology will deliver one Rookie Treasures dual-memorabilia autographed RC (numbered to 499, 199 or 99), one additional autograph card and two memorabilia cards. Meanwhile, each 12-box case should yield one Luxury Suite RC numbered to 99, two to three Limited Phenoms autographed RCs, one autographed Ice Breaker parallel and one of the following (either a Rookie Silhouette numbered to 99, a Prime Rookie Silhouette numbered to 25 or a Rookie Treasures Patch numbered to 15).
You however, have lifted my heart, dried my tears and given me strength to carry on. All of your wonderful check-ins and well wishes have touched my heart, thank you.
The book isn't scary, though it is creepy. My favorite chapters were also my least (if that makes any sense at all)--when Jake (George) spends a few months in the small town of Derry, Maine. King paints the portrait of a dark town full of secrets and tragedy, and it haunted me well after the section was over. Still, creepy* as it was, it was also my favorite part because it felt so real. That's where I personally saw King's brilliance on full display.
I was sitting at one of our local hot spots parked along the curb out in plain view watching the morning salmon run (commute). I see this car drive by me with a female holding her cell phone in her left hand, up to her left ear and was obviously having a conversation.
Now, I’m not talking about my relationship status at all. I am not writing this because I’m single. That has nothing to do with why what she wrote is important to me right now. Remove the last few words though and it echoed perfectly to me.
I finally realize that to Kira, I've been talking about ansisters for maybe twenty minutes.
Here’s the paragraph I liked most in the article:
I, I think, am a cross between the two. I find I have to write a scene if it’s nagging at me or has just come to me in a flash of inspiration, even if I’m not sure where it fits into the narrative. I can work this out later. This would put me in the ‘writer’ camp. But on the other hand, in order to work out why something has happened, I often find myself having to plan the plot out, so that I can see the progression of the storyline. I often make a list of character traits, which incidentally, was last weeks homework task, and this would put me in the ‘planner’ camp. So, just to be contrary, I think I am neither one nor the other. But at the end of the day, a writer has to do whatever works for them.
Then there’s Cecilia Alcott, England’s representative in the academy and a top contender when it comes to piloting an IS who suddenly sets her sights on Ichika in a negative way. Challenging the boy to an IS duel for the right to be Class President, it becomes clear that Ichika might not understand the fundamentals of what and IS is capable of but he has a natural talent for piloting one. Aside from that, his own personal IS – called the Byakushiki – is a powerful piece of hardware that shows its true setting during the duel with Cecilia.
Author: Wikipedia: “David H. Keller (full name David Henry Keller; December 23, 1880–July 13, 1966) was a writer for pulp magazines in the mid-twentieth century who wrote science fiction, fantasy and horror. He was the first psychiatrist to write for the genre, and was most often published as David H. Keller, MD, but also known by the pseudonyms Monk Smith, Matthew Smith, Amy Worth, Henry Cecil, Cecilia Henry, and Jacobus Hubelaire.”… “Keller’s work often expressed strong right-wing views (Everett F. Bleiler claims he was “an ultra-conservative ideologically”), especially hostility to feminists and African-Americans.”
The key is not to take it personally. I said it wasn't easy. If someone rejects your idea or pitch, it might just be that it's not right for them on that day. Perhaps you haven't angled it quite right for that publication. Perhaps it's just, gulp, a crappy idea. We all have them. Even if we don't like to admit it. They're not rejecting you as a person, just that particular idea, pitch, feature or proposal.
To rule is to define the order of subatomic reality
yes. yes i can.
The Insolite wallet is made from House classic Monogram canvas. The double zipper opening, with leather zip pulls, gives access to coins without opening the wallet completely.
Anonymous used to mean something, you know? Fire. The wheel. Beowulf and The Book of Job and some of the best pornography mankind ever produced. That was us. We've been writing and inventing our asses off for thousands of years to make the world a better place... and now you people come along and suddenly we're screwing around with YouTube videos? We've gone from creating written language to rickrolling the Church of Scientology? Is this how you keep the legacy alive?
I'm off to bed. I hope to have a real post soon.
Game Bat
The concert entrance is 6.30pm, within a short time period it gather up tons of people! Above is 7pm and below is almost 8pm ++. (My camera not so good in night time zzz) And the crowd almost fill up the beach side too!
The Partnership for Patients brings together leaders of major hospitals, employers, health plans, physicians, nurses, and patient advocates along with State and Federal governments in a shared effort to make hospital care safer, more reliable, and less costly. Large hospital systems like Ascension Health have demonstrated major reductions in birth trauma.
Funnily in every dream I end up winning :P
Did not cost more than $200, so everyone should be able to afford it. If you were on the list and allowed to buy that is.
Al Jazeera’s Harry Fawcett reporting from Kuala Lumpur says: “Already we are hearing that thousands are near Independence Square, there will be a significant turnout.”
If I was on top of things I would have told you that CoOper'S BiG ToP PaRty was featured on Catch my Party's "Party of the DaY" last week...but I'm lame and seem to be behind in everything these days, so I didn't. So this is me telling you now. And if you don't believe me you can go here to see for yourself, or don't...whatever. I do suggest (again) that if you are looking inspiration for AnY kind of party you MUST visit their site. Tons of great ideas!
Guess what? It's working.
No Me Platiques
Accessories – Mega Curved Rectangle and Label 1 Nestabilities, Fancy Tags Die (Spellbinders), Ivory Satin Ribbon, Kaisercraft Blush Pearls, Foam Tape
The final Kosher dog was Rubashkin’s Aaron’s Classic. Now we aren’t very sure about what is so classic about this dog, because it’s a beef/chicken hybrid. To be fair, we don’t know if there is a Rubashkin’s pure beef dog, but if there is, we hope its much better than this. Words like “slimy”, “mushy” and “nightmare” were thrown around the eating area, although one reviewer didn’t think it was bad as the other two. All agreed it was very, very soft textured, although there was wide disagreement about the greasiness level.
Dirt came in various guises. There was no escaping the mud that caked the city's roads. Of course, 'mud' was something of a euphemism: this was predominantly horse-dung. There were additional elements: flecks of granite (from loose macadam, the stone fragments, pummelled tightly together, used to surface most of the capital's thoroughfares); traces of iron (from horse shoes and metal-shod wheels); a smattering of litter and household refuse. Nonetheless, it was consistently and principally dung. When wet, it turned the busiest streets into an impassable bog; when dry, it created a noxious dust, that had to be dampened down by the spray from parish water-carts, waggons with wooden water tanks at the rear, fitted with a metal sprinkler.
Meeting of PM and CJ credited for the bullish move; the striving efforts were indicated in last couple of calls and at last the meeting enable the breakout.
Some items I had to stare at for a while to try and remember what in the world I was thinking when I saved it.
"In the storied 25 year history of The Gorge, we've been fortunate to host many of the nation's top country artists, but all have been single day concerts,” said Jeff Trisler, President of Live Nation Seattle. “For years, we've wanted to host a multiple day country festival that builds on the tremendous success for our annual Sasquatch Music Festival and Dave Matthews Band residency. We believe this event will bring that same sort of excitement and energy to The Gorge for an entirely new group of music fans."
Eggs on toast, what’s not to like? But what I’m really wondering about with this recipe is whether it’s going to be worth the bother of separating eggs, beating the whites, and assembling everything on the bread.
Japan and not made for export or the country would be identified. The oldest
Abolition would, in addition, increase USPTO resources available for the examination of original applications by about 1/3, without any increase in staff or budget, which should further enhance patent quality. And, of perhaps even greater importance, abolition would eliminate the abuses made possible by continuing applications that were identified by Professor Lemley and Judge Moore in their Boston University Law Review article (84 BU Law Review 63). Such discrete legislation to abolish continuing applications, uncoupled from the patent reform morass presently in the Congress, would enable (force?) the “patent crowd” to face their contradiction and decide whether to resolve the inconsistency in favor of patent quality (and innovation), or in favor of their own convenience.
I’ve even walked back into a spot and demanded it.
Following the Scout-O-Rama activities on Saturday, our Pack conducted our Graduation Ceremony. Our Tigers are now Wolves, our Wolves are now Bears, our Bears joined the Webelos 1 ranks, and our Webelos 1 scouts became Webelos 2 as they begin work towards their Arrow of Light and transition to the Boy Scouts. Congratulations to everyone involved. The boys did a wonderful job this past year! Our Summer Program is shaping up well too.
We also have the Hardcore Championship. Okay, I put my hands up here: this title was great. A lot of people don’t like the Hardcore title because it put spectacle over skill, and the 24/7 rule wasn’t really to a lot of people’s liking, but guess what: that (expletive) was entertaining. Anyone could have the title and the concept of a number one contender was rendered pointless because it could be gained or lost at the drop of a dime, anywhere, at any time, by anyone. For my FPS fans, it was true King of the Hill. True King of the Hill. Everybody loves true King of the Hill. That and a good shotgun to obliterate your online enemies.
2. Missing the real goal of our life
The last time I rode with any serious intent was when I was first dating the SS; I got run away with, but managed to remember one was meant to turn the thing, and that worked. I suppose I must have passed whatever test as a potential life partner she was putting me through.
4) Don't take a fussy eater to Orson.
MC: "Get a grip, Gwen. Just because you write me, doesn't mean I have to answer silly questions."
This is why you’re struggling with love and why continuing to search for love without clearing out these blocks is pretty much a waste of your time and energy. You’re fighting with yourself. This is why you feel conflicted about love and relationships. Essentially, you’re trying to attract love and create a relationship from other people’s ideas, beliefs, judgments, conclusions, agendas, agreements, and fantasies—all of which you’ve unconsciously adopted as your own.
Young also appears to have been a pro when it came to fundraising, a tradition carried on by his successor, Leo Lambert, who developed a plan for Elon’s future even more ambitious than Young’s. A list of all the buildings and programs added at the school in just the last 10 years (and it’s a long list) can be found in this article about Lambert: Link
Dietary Fiber = 4 g (16% of daily recommended value)
This is what the world needs. Less rigid grantmaking instutitions thinking about their own impact and working on a 3 year cycle, and more flexible, listening, helper organizations who are able to aid others immediately when the need is obvious.
Published in the February 2012 issue
027.028 YUSUFALI: "Go thou, with this letter of mine, and deliver it to them: then draw back from them, and (wait to) see what answer they return"...
There is a gathering of swans further upstream, just visible as long necks and floating white bodies against the backdrop of grey-green water and tree foliage. It is so much quieter than being at home. We live in a small town, a place where city people wonder "What do you DO here?" Getting enough quiet doesn't seem an issue, but being out of range of traffic and electronics adds a layer of calm I had forgotten. It is lovely...soothing.
I also believe in my mother’s advice, which was always, “Never get into a fight. But, if someone hits you first, you have the right to defend yourself.” (Interesting that my mother’s best advice was also completely parallel to Israel’s foreign policy. I, for one, agree with both.)
I am a wife and stay at home Mother of a soon to be 3 year old little boy, with another son due in December! I have been card-making since 2003 when I was invited to join a card-making group from church. I love playing in my craft room, and have watched my crafting skills evolve over the past 7 years. I enjoy making all types of cards, Clean and Simple, to the more complex layered cards.
Caprica Six: “And that’s it? That’s all God wants of us?”
Fact; I can’t do two things at once. D;
Here are the sites with the giveaways:
Here is a round up of what the other Strictlies are reading:
The reality in all this is that we are fighting a war with an ideology, a religion that believes in lying and deceit to achieve it’s goals. And our president has done much to hide or disguise that fact. All references to “radical Islam” Muslim terrorists, and anything else that identifies violent acts as being motivated by the Islamic religious belief has been ordered purged from all official government communication. Meantime the Obama administration is funneling not just millions but billions of dollars into the hands of these radicals through all kinds of back doors and under many guises.
And to my Lea, I look forward to the day that we can read this blog entry together and plan your very first acts of kindness adventure. I love you, and thank you for making me want to be the best person I can be.
1. Describe yourself in 7 words:
Like this blog? Have any questions? Let me know in the comments below!
I sometimes feel that leaves take away the beauty of the trees. All trees have a story to tell if we see them closely. The knots, the twisted branches, the empty nests and the ones with birds still in them, they have some magic, something spooky about them. I always felt drawn to the naked beauties of trees. As a child I used to imagine shapes in the entangled branches and loved to create my own stories about each one of them.
Simply speaking: Whenever any citizen invokes cultural law, then this means that the court has to follow choice of law rules. Invoking cultural law, only exists in societies which the law considers multi-cultural. Monocultural societies do not require the need for a right to invoking cultural law, because the entire society has the same legal cultural principles. So 'choice of law' is a legal term for what Justices are required to do when two people come before the court, and they come from different cultures. The Justice is then required to make an impartial enquiry into the two different cultures and to make a ruling as to which culture's laws are going to be applied to the particular case; and more importantly why he is choosing this cultural law body of principles; rather than that cultural law body of principles.
The sad truth is that we will all eventually need these drugs to suppress the mental wasteland that has been caused by the abhorrent conditions created by the government’s military industrial complex and its investment held corporations. We are the victims of ourselves, of our lack of vigilance over this machine, and of our conformity to what is pushed upon us in the guise of being “normal”. Without these drugs, we would fall out of line. We would become unproductive. We would cease to be good citizens.
To fill the mouth of deep defiance up
The Dash
:: I recently read in its entirety the comic book series Air, by G. Willow Wilson and M.K. Perker. It's a very strange story, much in the vein of things like LOST, with weird mysteries compounding more mysteries and lots of strange goings-on, surprising revelations, plots that start small but end up huge, characters whose loyalties and status as heroes or villains isn't immediately obvious. For the most part, Air is well done and intriguing, although it does suffer from the fact that it quite obviously ends too soon. The story slowly unfolds, and then it suddenly becomes clear that the book had been canceled by Vertigo Comics, so instead of building over time, the book quickly starts to wrap up and then it ends.
I set up the machine with the lower rolling bed which means the machine will only travel east and west...since I raised the feed dogs and added the walking foot, the machine chugs it's own way across the quilt. So cool!!! The only drawback is it only chugs one direction, so every row is made while traveling east. I have to stop at the end of each row, clip threads, and begin the next row back at the beginning. I also have to advance the quilt at the beginning of each row, but it sure beats wrestling the fabric not the machine without a frame.
Lakoff says it’s “a good thing” that Occupy isn’t “making specific policy demands”. He argues that Occupy is about a shift in “moral focus”, and that, “If the movement is to frame itself, it should be on the basis of its moral focus, not a particular agenda or list of policy demands.”
But we arrive safely back in the basement or “subway” as Eaton’s calls it. I know that I deserve the soft white ice cream whirled into a cone sold at a stand near the underground walk to the main Eaton’s Store. I also deserve the hot dog sold there.
Other - American Crafts Felt Thickers, Disney Embellishments, Washi Tape
(It will not curdle the way milk curdles when you make cottage or ricotta cheeses.)
ABC: The National Post was the first newspaper in Canada to issue a Consolidated Media Report. What drove you to be an early adopter?
i missed them terribly, but i wouldn't have missed them at all had they not gone.
Sound of someone running off the get the wand.
Apparently, she does a good job the first three innings but after that she gets bored and starts chatting with all her friends. She misses plays and then realizes it so she runs around to the other scorekeepers and asks them what the score is. She says sometimes everyone has a different score written down.
If you haven’t yet seen Eat Drink Man Woman, do. Those two hours will become cherished memories.
Congo) ought to have prominently figured on the list of the Raïs.
Yesterday, on November 8th, our lovely Miss Chatterbox turned 7 years old. Since her birthday fell on a weekday, she will be celebrating it with her close friends this coming Sunday. It was so cute that she chose fifteen of her closest friends--all girls (Thank YOU, Jesus for that! lol).
I live in Az.. no socks required!!
Her own classics are here, too. Bad Reputation, I Love Rock N Roll, Cherry Bomb, Little Liar, Do You Want To Touch Me? (Oh Yeah), and the Springsteen penned Light Of Day, all rock hard and fast with zero subtlety. There's never any problem understanding what Joan means.
So, I hate to brag and drop names on my blog, but I am friends with a blog celeb. Like best blog friends. She's basically the most gorgeous thing that exists AND really hilarious/sarcastic. Plus, she is smart. Maybe too smart. I mean, she has a degree in neuroscience after all.
I just love Katrin’s blog. She has such wonderful recipes, funny stories and a great taste in music (I especially love those Friday night Facebook Virtual Dance Parties!). Congratulations on your nuptials, and I can’t wait to see pictures of you as a beautiful bride. xo
Good morning,everyone!
1 1/4 oregano
“Nobody has tattoos anymore,” I say. “They aren’t allowed within the territory.”
If you have stopped painting for some times and you feel down because of it, the best way out is not to ask yourself “why?” but just to take small steps to get back into it. Artists are “makers” and it’s by making that we find again our artist way. Here are five suggestions to end a dry spell:
Flat Earth Belgian Pale Ale
Institutional innovation
Using the photograph above for inspiration, compose a short fiction piece of no more than 250 words in any genre or style. Send your entry to me by email at jevanswriter at yahoo dot com before 11:00 p.m., Wednesday, August 1st (Eastern Time, United States). I'd prefer attachments formatted in Microsoft Word or Word Perfect, but if you have something more exotic, you can paste the text into the body of an email. Each entry will be posted and indexed.
This was a Gentile church, far from Jerusalem. Now with the new gospel of the grace of God they had liberty to pray continuously.
Tracey Johnson / Deconstructing the Pakeha Gaze: Whale Rider / 115
David Rose has carved out a reputation as a gifted writer of short fiction, and it struck me more than once that those skills were strongly at play in “Vault”. The work is short and to the point, but it is also complex, and the reader does need to work to make their way through the maze. I like that! I must admit, though, had I not been helped by the description of the book on the back cover, I might have got a tad lost, and had to retrace my steps.
Then I began my somewhat circuitous walk back to the house. What that means is, I got lost. At about the moment I realized I was pretty turned around, it started to rain, and I began imagining a long, wet ramble. But then it quit raining and I got my bearings. I came out of the woods only about 100 feet from where I went in. Not too shabby.
Eve stood up on stage and called Johnny up.
Cordelia Frances Biddle, Chris Grabenstein, Kathryn Miller Haines, Don Helin, Larry Kerr, Valerie Malmont, Paul Malmont, Alan Orloff, Dennis Royer, Elana Santangelo, JD Shaw, Mike Silvestri, Maria V. Snyder, David R. Stewart, and Marta Perry.
In the tumultuous weeks following that event Marine is conflicted, but never more so than when she learns that she is the key to bringing magic back to the kingdom of Adara - and that having witch-blood makes her appealing to the Duke because he wants to create a progeny of untold magical power. Such a child could have god-like dominion over life and death.
Based on my LMP I should be around 9w5d today but I know I ovulated late and based on the ultrasound I am 8w4d which is spot on based on ovulation. Baby Bean's heartbeat was flickering away but sadly the machine they midwife was using she couldn't figure out how to measure it. That kinda bummed me out and annoyed me since we couldn't find it on the doppler either. Apparently baby is still low in my pelvic bone. So hopefully fingers crossed I get another ultrasound or able to find Baby Bean on the doppler on the 3rd. I really hope to get another ultrasound.
"Good Days" by Joe Purdy - Mr. Purdy fills two spots on the daily five today. I'm a big fan of his 2007 collection Take My Blanket & Go. "Sometimes I wish the sun didn't come out at all..."
"You haven't got it in you Mod whippet! You'll always fall at the final hurdle. You got no soul!"
*Labor signs?: I've had some contractions here and there...sporadically...but nothing to get excited about. Booo!
Thank you both.
First, she has a chapter that covers the basics – busting discipline myths, explaining the importance of forming a strong and positive bond, and the importance of trying to see things from the child’s perspective. Then she lays out some key strategies that apply to almost all aspects of discipline, like stopping negative behavior, and teaching positive behavior as an alternative.
This week's generous sponsors are
Recommendation: Not to many of my personal bias buttons pressed, so I can recommend it again. Just barely, admittedly.
Communications and Public Information Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kiyo Akasaka, has urged advertising companies to "defy" damaging and negative stereotypes of women to counter the violence, low self-esteem and abuse that poor standards and exploitation in advertising cause.
the loves it loved.
I’m willing to go under the change
And no, those are no real cupcakes ;). They're cupcake shaped salt and pepper shakers, aren't they sweet :)?
In other news, Ruthie, Andy, and Ellie are hours away from town right now. I still can't believe my baby sister will be a wife this weekend. I'll be back with a report on the real Royal Wedding soon!
‘A considerable amount of money will have to be expended on the Somerset and Dorset Line to improve it and make it efficient for traffic purposes, and I have no hesitation in saying that the traffic to be carried over the Somerset and Dorset Line in connection with the South Western system and the Midland as well as locally,
So... what am I going to do about all this excitement? I'm going to have a giveaway! You can get both of these adorable packets.
Ranging from the now infamous village of New Dachang in the United Federation of China, where the epidemiological trail began with the twelve-year-old Patient Zero, to the unnamed northern forests where untold numbers sought a terrible and temporary refuge in the cold, to the United States of Southern Africa, where the Redeker Plan provided hope for humanity at an unspeakable price, to the west-of-the-Rockies redoubt where the North American tide finally started to turn, this invaluable chronicle reflects the full scope and duration of the Zombie War.
Harry Ricketts
Three Floyds Owd Engwish Bawley Whine (English Barleywine) 10.5%
In TRIZ there are 8 different trends of evolution, by trends we mean the paths that some inventions/products have taken as they have improved (as extracted from a pattern analysis of all patent applications) . One of these is ‘Increasing segmentation and the use of fields’ and this trend typically goes
Of course smoking crack might also be fun but that doesn’t mean it isn’t bad for you. But I don’t think that horror is harmful in and of itself. I think the genuine horror hound is wound a bit tighter than the average person. The horror fan is at his essence a man or woman who cannot stop his brain from saying “If…” Horror gives a release valve to that irrationality. Sometimes that release must be a serious attempt to engage in the fears that have been brewing beneath the surface. When that happens you get a film like one of the ones we discussed in the last chapter. But sometimes, that release must be a little wilder, a little crazier. Sometimes as Chesterton notes in another essay, (“There is a vital objection to the advice merely to grin and bear it. The objection is that if you merely bear it, you do not grin.”) the grotesque must wear the gargoyle’s grin. Marde Gras and Halloween and the aforementioned Michael Myers plushy. We take the face of what frightens us and we make it our own. And if we do not smile as we do it, we are missing something crucial.
What’s your mantra?
“I love taekwondo because it teaches me discipline and a great work ethic,” she said. “And although athletes compete in events individually, I love the team camaraderie and visiting new places.”
Let me be clear that I'm not about to defend - even in jest - this kind of aphorism. To do so thesedays requires sixty-five pages of exceptions, eight declarations about domestic stereotypes and a dozen portion size disclaimers. What I will say is that any woman who presents me with a hot plate of beautifully roasted chicken, fresh green vegetables and a small serving of garlic mashed potato might find herself the object of my (relationship-appropriate) affection.
I was excited to explore the mossy boulders to see what I could discover. Javier told us to stay away from the moss, not only because it’s slippery, but because we are not to disturb any of the fauna or flora. Careful not to tread on any moss, I did manage to photograph this American Oystercatcher, endemic subspecies galapagensis. This uncommon resident has only around 200 pairs in the Galápagos Islands.
So half way through my Freedom Day public holiday, my bestie messages me asking if I’d like to tag a long to the beach with her. Um, yes! So off the princess and I went, piled into her car and made our way down to a little quiet spot on a beautiful stretch of beach.
Usually Tuesday is the day that I detest. Mondays are usually calm and Tuesday were named “Tumultuous Tuesdays.” There is usually so much chaos on Tuesdays; however the past Tuesdays have not been crazy. Hurray! I decided that I had to change my attitude and stop projecting a terrible Tuesday into the universe. For the past two weeks I have not thought about what Tuesday will be like on Monday. Instead, I have chosen to take one day at a time and accept whatever comes with the following day. There is truly something to the saying, “Change your thoughts, change your world.”
Here's a list of my wonderful Stampendous teammies playing along in the challenge today - you won't want to miss what they've whipped up! Also, be sure to stop by the Stampendous Impressions blog for all sorts of inspiration.
Authors who were contracted and never heard back from the company, leaving their books unpublished and their rights tied up. I found books from two years previously that were still stranded by AMP, the authors begging to just get a response from somebody…anybody.
The web bot project is a phenomenon of modern computer technology. Through the use of data mining software and the use of archetype keywords programmers search the internet for patterns of speech. These patterns are then deciphered by the programmers and once decrypted, the message is a prediction for some future event.
o Obscene or harassing phone calls or text messages
I have had an awesome day. A beautiful breeze and sunshine filled day. Got to meet lots of great people and bless one young lady and my to do list was ta-done by 4 p.m. at the store.
I hope you're all well; I have been looking in around the blogosphere and many of my favourites seems to have had a similar line of thinking and have since the election finished blogging also which is of course a shame, but I am happy to see many other favourites still going strong.
“They won’t keep you?” he asked intuitively.
I turned to Brian, “You remember when we were on the way to your apartment, what happened?”
Returning to the case of practical inference, Brandom thinks that (a), (b) and (c) should be understood in a similar way to (d) and (e). He thinks that desires and similar pro-attitudes are to be understood as practical inferential commitments, which underwrite inferences from theoretical to practical commitments. We can then make assertions that make these commitments explicit in the same way that conditional claims make theoretical inferential commitments explicit:-
This got me thinking about what cars mean to boys. How cars mean way more than transportation. They mean freedom.
The next day, breakfast was at The Nook, located in a building that was constructed in the late 1880′s and which has been a restaurant since 1912. It has been known as The Nook since 1951, though was purchased & reopened in 2007. It is a very casual place, with a feel like an old fashioned diner. Open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, their breakfast menu has all the usual standards, from eggs to pancakes, from omelets to waffles, plus some southern specialties, such as biscuits & gravy.
12. Whippin' Piccadilly
I called her dear in the title because she is my friend and she is sweet. And because she, being English, is so polite that every comment she makes to me she begins with Dear PMAO… (I thought at first that this stood for ‘Pondering My Ass Off’ or some other such clever saying… after seeing LMAO so many times…, but at last I realized… because she explained it to me… that she meant me…Pouring My Art Out.
March 18, 2007 update: I had no idea that Steven Spielberg is a longtime Rockwell collector until I read this article.
"Rachel!" her mom yelled from downstairs. "Get down here! Dinner's ready!"
i’m “caught in it” you may say
It has been over a year since I last performed in a school’s concert, and that being said, I declined to perform for two concert last year too.
Mya is a very lively little girl. Mya goes through shoes like you would not believe. Though she has tons of shoes she plays so hard she has worn out a pair of Target shoes in one school day. Mya plays hard and has an imagination like you would not believe. She is funny and loves to laugh.
Gautama and Gautami Godavari: Water Resources, Irrigation and Agriculture (from Siva Mahapuranam).
The closet contains some of the bulky toys, but I really wanted some storage in the room for the small items that they play with on a regular basis.We already had a bunch of the fabric drawers and I really like them so I wanted something that would hold them. The ClosetMaid shelving units were more that I wanted to spend, but I remembered bookmarking a post where DaNita used some of the inexpensive shelves from Walmart and made them work to hold the fabric bins. Score! I was able to purchase 3 bookcases for about $50.
Edgar Reitz, son of a watchmaker, was born in 1932. He grew up in Hunsrück and, after finishing school, left for Munich, where he studied German literature, journalism and drama. He has been involved with literary works, avant-garde music, literature, the fine arts and film since the mid-1950s. He made his first films in 1958, was a member of the Oberhausener Group who founded Young German Film in 1962 and declared Papa’s Cinema dead. Together with other young directors he founded the Film Institute at the Design College in Ulm the following year. For 8 years Reitz taught stage direction and camera theory at this the first film school in the Federal Republic of Germany. His first feature film Mahlzieten appeared during this time and was honored as best debut film at the Venice International Film Festival in 1966. Numerous feature films, documentaries and experimental films followed, which received international acclaim and several awards, including prizes for Die Reise Nach Wien (The Journey to Vienna) and Stunde Null (Hour Zero). In 1971 Reitz founded a production company in Munich, which has since produced both its own projects as well as films by other directors. Since the mid-1970’s Reitz has published a number of books on film theory and film aesthetics, as well as narratives, essays, poetry and the literary versions of his films. 1995 saw the founding of the European Film Institute EIKK in Karlsruhe with Reitz as Professor for Film at the National Design College in Karlsruhe.
But it’s going to have to wait until I sort out the Seasonal Wardrobe Rotational System crisis. Once again, I am forced to acknowledge the hoisting of myself by my own petard. Which comes from Hamlet, apparently, and means I’ve blown myself up with my own bomb.
I used White Hammer Card to matt and layer my image and sentiment to add yet more texture, and I’m really happy with the finished effect. :0)
Dork: "You should write about how much I love you."
Don't do this if you have a cold or something short term. If you have broken your leg, that gives you a few days but unless you are an armless person who types with your toes, it won't stop you finishing the book after that.
So many feelings in this Life
This trio of ideas is like the Platonic values in Greek philosophy, which tell us that love, truth, order, and reason shape human existence from a higher reality. The difference is that even more ancient philosophies, with roots going back five thousand years, tell us that higher reality is with us right here and now. Its researchers were brilliant—the very Einsteins of consciousness. Anyone can reproduce and verify their results, as with the principles of science. More important, the future that spirituality promises—one of wisdom, freedom, and fulfillment—hasn’t vanished as the age of faith declined. Reality is reality. There is only one, and it’s permanent. This means that at some point the inner and outer worlds must meet; we won’t have to choose between them. That in itself will be a revolutionary discovery, since the dispute between science and religion has persuaded almost everyone that either you face reality and deal with the tough questions of everyday life (science), or you passively retreat and contemplate a realm beyond everyday life (religion).
Every main political party in Britain subscribes to the same discredited belief that the insane levels of immigration we have seen are somehow good for the country, not one of them, Labour, Tory or Lib Dem, will do a thing to change the current reality. no matter how mad it becomes. And the same applies to UKIP, they are a single issue, anti-European pressure group, who's policies might effect the number of white, Christian Europeans coming to Britain, however, as far non-European immigration is concerned, UKIP are in bed with the Lib/Lab/Con troika. In any event, a single issue pressure group like UKIP is not going to solve the multiple issue problems we face, particularly one which refuses to acknowledge the main problem.
Repeat with another chocolate layer, brushing the chocolate layer with the espresso mixture and adding the buttercream and then ending with an almond layer on top. Don't brush the almond layer or top it with buttercream. You will have one chocolate layer left. Chill the cake for 15 minutes to set the buttercream.
DATE: December 27, 2011
God waited patiently for the right time for Christ to be born to bring about the new and perfect worship system where men and women will worship in “truth” and in “Spirit”. Even the apostle Peter struggled with these concepts even after he had first hand witness of what Jesus had said: “Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.(Joh 2:19)”.
As a political science major, especially one with an African Studies minor, the idea of visiting and volunteering at Townships was especially appealing. After Operation Hunger, I didnt feel like I had seen enough as it focused mainly on children. Waking up so early was not particularly appealing, but again, I want to see it all!
offers attendant beauty lines for both teens and adults (called Volturi and Luna, respectively). The producers even partnered with PRO Beauty Tools to create a branded line of hair tools to help fans easily mimic Twilight‘s characters’ hairstyles.
Lloyd Bridges (Blown Away)
today, i've been exploring mixed media painting techniques for customized background papers and i want to share some of them with you.
Prepare the cinnamon filling: In a medium bowl, stir together the butter, brown sugar and cinnamon. Scoop the filling into a quart-sized heavy zip baggie or a pastry bag and set it aside.
Still, while incarcerating the marinating meat in an all but lockable Tupperware, prior to returning it to its isolation wing in the fridge, I have taken to developing this insane anxiety that I might just lick the raw meat, or smear it on my face. Do something wildly inappropriate just to make flesh the fear. I can see how madness develops.
As I read I experienced a conflict never found when reading Wodehouse’s own work. Namely, I was doubly compelled, to write and to read. Partly due, I think, to the infectious quality of Wodehouse’s enthusiasm for his art, and partly due to his biographer’s ability to draw that quality out, I frequently wanted to close the book and go to my own desk to work on my own short stories. It was not Wodehouse’s wild success that drove me, but his obvious love for the writing craft. On the other hand, I was compelled by McCrum’s narrative to continue turning the page. As I was driven away, a greater force kept me in the book.
He tried, right?
Relight Rule No. 5: Take the blame — are you both ready to hold your hands up to the part you played in your relationship breaking up? If yes, that's an excellent sign that you realise it's a two-way street when relationships end. Use this new, responsible attitude that you both have to work out how you can do things differently.
Firstly, I have to say that if this post is mildly incoherent, I'm sorry. That pesky cold seems to be intent on hanging around for at least a little while longer, and I still haven't fully caught up on sleep. But I want to get a post written about the gathering, so that's what I'm doing!
Continue my education with a photography, sewing or cooking class -or all three. Giving myself a big fat "F" for this one, BUT I will start a sewing class soon to learn how to use my sewing machine & serger (from my grandma-in-law). My goal is to make some pillow cases & curtains.
Judith sent plum (made with fruit her brother grew) and candied jalepenoes
Most will lament that track just isn’t popular in the United States. That we have too many other “professional” sports to occupy our attention and our time. And I will reply that it didn’t seem to stop the fervor that was held for Team USA and the World Cup!
Here's my issue with O's speech.
The Jewish People: Winners
Would answer me all unsaid.
A: Kind of! You can use a similar process for other types of beans (except for lentils), but they take different amounts of time and go better with other flavors. Red beans take about 1 and 1/2 hours, and go great with just garlic and onions and a tons of spices (served with coconut rice, yum!) Adzuki beans take less time, chickpeas take more. But once you've experimented with dried beans you will find that the process doesn't vary much and there is a big reward to cooking them this way- namely, the taste.
Managed house like for like sales down 1.3%
In the morning, Morrison catches them and joins them again, but they ditch him on Route Thirty-Four; they claim they're newlyweds on their honeymoon (who aren't wearing rings because they're Christian Scientists). Morrison angrily gets out, mutters "Young folks!" then goes on another one of his tirades before spitting on the pavement, and hissing to them, "You'll see... sailing along in that car, breaking all the speed limits. They'll get you."
Not surprisingly, my Hotmail sign in doesn't work. Looks like they've changed the password. I try password recovery, but it appears that they've changed the secondary email verification addresses as well; there's no way to get control of my account without getting Microsoft involved. Joy.
9:00 PM Los Angeles on 20th January 2012
Have fun! xx
Schrader SM. What is Fertility and How can it be Measured Directly and Indirectly. NIVA Course "The Effect of Chemical, Physical, and Biological Workplace Factors on Male and Female Fertility. Copenhagen, Denmark. May 26-31, 1991.
The actual show ran from 7:45-10:11 last Saturday. Nearly two and a half hours of course some of that was filler. Fact is for the full show to be shown and given the coverage it deserves at least a two hour slot was needed. That would put the show on par with its American counter part.
We found a great deal on Noble Fir this year at Home Depot. It lasted us from the day after Thanksgiving until now... yes, our tree is still up. The ornaments are all down and packed away, but we are waiting to actually haul the tree out until trashday, which is tomorrow. This was the perfect tree for our first Christmas in our new home!
Anita Moorjani talks to us about her riveting memoir, Dying To Be Me – My Journey from Cancer, to Near Death, to True Healing. After four years of fighting lymphoma, Anita was admitted to hospital in a coma with total organ failure. While in this state, she had a Near Death Experience that gave her such insight into her true power and her disease that she was able to reverse it within weeks to become cancer free.
I could sleep with my cat,
This is the best breakfast for me, it's so easy, quick, and full of nutritional value too,
#96: "Christmas: Say it with S!" Make a card for Christmas using an image that starts with the letter S, using any cartridge(s) and any colors you'd like.
And don’t go on Twitter via your phone! Your phone is a nightmare anyway, but you can't even resort to that now. No, no. Because everyone’s talking about the TV programmes you’re not watching – and that’s really annoying.
Mortal Kombat is out NOW on the Vita. Buy it, just because it’s excellently done, the Vita-exclusive content is fun and often intentionally funny and hell, NetherRealm busted their collective butts on this translation, so it’s a portable game that’s worth full price even if you already own the console versions. What, you’re not interested? So, you take your PS3 or 360 around and play on the subway or bus? No s#!t? Send me a photo of that working out for you and I’ll post it here.
Does anyone else think like this too? Did Lent dredge up any surprises for you?
Abstract art, specifically painting, has become such an excepted idiom that it is a valid alternative to a landscape when decorating your home or office. In addition, or because of this, abstraction almost immediately leaves a bad taste in your mouth. Especially when seen in a gallery or museum. The general public and the in-the-know art-crowds alike have a distaste for it these days. While it is seen as especially suited for public spaces (any location that could use a bit of color in the form of non-threatening splashes and dabs) any serious consideration of abstraction is extremely frowned upon. Abstraction has given birth to the age-old, and never worn-out, impulse of “my child could do that.” An argument the aesthetes have yet to convincingly rebut. This is all the more difficult, when theory has chucked out Modernism and Greenberg & Rosenberg. On the one hand we are attacking abstraction, symbolized by the Abstract Expressionists, for our own postmodern reasons. On the other, we don’t want to be in the same category as the debased masses. So what are art people to do? Abstraction is at once arguably a much accepted option, especially in the halls of painting departments at art schools across the land. But it is also ignored, even despised by the reigning opinions and trends of today’s art world.
RAPID FIRE is something of a departure for me and my producing partner, Tim Cremin. We conceived the series over dinner one night with Larry Potterfield in Columbia, MO, then carried it through to the green light phase. We tapped Iain and Mike to host; a lot of the creative direction of the show initially came from Mike, and was then refined by Iain and Mike. John Carter of Hatch Entertainment, who produces SHOOTING GALERY and produced the late, deeply lamented COWBOYS, came on-board as Producer and did the heavy lifting on actually structuring the show and putting together the production plan, with SG/COWBOYS/GUN STORIES vet Gene Moffett as Director of Photography.
Folks, after the massive fallout over my October column in the Linn County Leader, I have come to realize, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that we are indeed experiencing a time of spiritual warfare; where the very souls of mankind are being fought over between good and evil. It is an entrenched fight; a battle where no one knows who will turn on them…a fight where even so-called “Christians” turn their backs on their fellow brother or sister.
power conversion means for converting said electrical power of said first and second inputs for output, said power conversion means including a mechanical power transmission unit, said power transmission unit having two inputs for respectively receiving mechanical power corresponding to said first and second power inputs provided to said first and second power input means and an output for outputting the converted power as rotational mechanical power,
Years later, as an adult, Louis submitted his portfolio multiple times to the Muppet headquarters in Manhattan. After eight months of delivering his work, he was hired by Jim Mahon, a man who would become his Muppets mentor. From there, Louis quickly became a top licensing artist, creating art for many Sesame products. It has now been twenty years since Louis was brought on board the Sesame crew.
gaseous knives, suffocated with the vilest of
Philadelphia (March 7, 2012)
- Tom Cawley
master bathroom
Filmed in the way that is all the rage these days: the handheld camera following all the action. Not as blurry or bouncy as some films using this technique (think "Blair Witch), the story follows young college students after a "big story". They talk their way into collaborating with a fellow they think is a poacher who illegally hunts bears. After a crazy encounter in the middle of the night, in the middle of Norwegian woods (hey, the Beatles had a song called Norwegian Wood...oops, sorry I got distracted) with a monstrous creature, the game is definitely afoot.
A news report just showed a real Queensland Horseman and a couple of his mates, in a small aluminium boat, roping and lashing horses to the boat and getting them to high ground.
I feel as though I’ve done somewhat of a disservice throughout this blog. I’ve painted a picture of my time here that isn’t precisely accurate. I’m an emotional person, romantic, optimistic to a fault. I like extremes and superlatives. I exaggerate in an attempt to draw the reader in, and to make sense of things I can’t make sense of.
When we express ourselves to the world, it's because we have something to say. We need to learn to communicate.
Sorry for the neglect and late posting! Finals season is coming into full swing at Wisconsin Law, and though I only have two to worry about, my schedule is pretty packed with work, working out, and working on studying. Without further adieu, here are this week’s challenges:
MARY AND MAX (2009)
Director: Tarsem Singh
Of course, I must include a pic of Tred.
I've had several "licenses" to carry firearms during the course of my life. The first was when I was in the military. Go figure. The second was when I was in law enforcement. Go figure. I now have a CHL as a private citizen and I have about as much interest in going around hunting bad guys as I do in being a research subject for some new strain of syphilis.
His name is Rob Earnshaw, and his e-mail address is (posted long style so spammers can't scoop it up): robertearnshaw at btinternet dot com.
I must say, there is quite a bit to be said for the island culture: carefree, peaceful, content, worry-free, easy-going, chill, and relaxed…none of the stress and rushing around, the busyness and desensitization.
Much love xx
PHONE: 516-532-6889
After having the beautiful capsicum and zucchini dish out on Mothers Day, I knew I wanted to cook some up for myself for the week. I spent an hour chopping sauteeing vegetables and was able to add it to just about every meal so far this week. It was a worthwhile payoff. The mushrooms got left behind though. I recognise them for their individuality and being a cool fungi and everything but they just don't do it for me. They are alien and not in the good way.
3. Post the award on your blog.
I’m not forgoing the internet, but I will be on it less than I am now, even for writing purposes. I will be using pen and paper (feel free to gasp in horror), and of course getting air and exercise. I’m pale as paper, and while I don’t tan, I could certainly do with more colour than I have now. If I didn’t have dark eyes and hair, you’d think I had a medical condition of some sort. Sun screen will be a must on my outdoor excursions.
Ok, I should have reprimanded the mad one. I should have chastised her….but I didn’t. I was suddenly six years old again and HELL, THIS WAS FUNNY!!!
You may be wondering why I bothered listing the 'main ingredients' if most of them have scientific names which really don't make sense to the average person. One reason is, they were conveniently listed on the back *LOL*, and another reason is because I think it's important to know what we're putting on our skin. I'm not the biggest chemistry savvy person, but I did study it in high school and in my first year at university. Even though these ingredients are a great big mouthful, I think it's actually quite fun & eye-opening to learn more about what goes into the products I'm using.
November 4th I called my buyer to see when the cheque would be ready. He said the man at the bank handling all this was off sick, but he'd find out if someone else could expedite things. November 6th my buyer (wife) called to tell me that their bank would not do the loan without using a loan arranger and that this triggered close to $23,000 in GST tax and that they didn't have that $23K because her property management company was purchasing two apartment buildings and they needed $450K by November 15th. She then asked me if I'd drop my price by $20K and to think about it and let her know.
So for Welles to choose as the main character of his film a thoroughly corrupt cop, and one utterly distasteful to watch, was itself a powerful stroke of iconoclasm during a ‘golden age’ of conformity. From an artistic point of view, as any writer will tell you, the choice of an antihero as the centerpiece of a story is not only risky but extremely difficult to pull off. Audiences have a natural dislike of an antihero so it takes great skill to keep them from deserting the book or film. A successful use of antihero occurs in Stephen R. Donaldson’s fantasy series, The Thomas Covenant Chronicles. The eponymous character starts the multiple-book series by committing a shocking rape yet somehow we never abandon him. Now that’s skill.
Harmony is here
“We are open to new suggestions from our authors and hope that every new author to join us will bring with them their knowledge, experiences and pitfalls, which in turn will help us build a reputable and successful Company.”
Few authors know how to breed chaos through words, but such matters are a cakewalk for Chuck Palahniuk, whose debut novel Fight Club is the epitome of modern disorder. Furthermore, even fewer authors incorporate a writing style as original and recognisable as Palahniuk’s, who clearly stands out from the crowd as early as with his very first published work.
Sheesh…
play hide and seek
insects to the dark areas where their mouths and nostrils
All the white horses are still in bed
I hate when these things happen on my watch.
Pass, And I Call You
You know…for the kids.
And finally, some Sloggers seem confused on the correlation between action and result, believing that to do nothing about Tesco’s mendaciously devious pack-pricing policy is better than doing something. I can tell them that there is a 100% correlation between doing nothing, and nothing changing. And while doing something may have no effect at first, we are only three days in and already the SHOP TESCO TRICKS Twitter page has 27 followers.
So as I, and many other brides-to-be who have curly hair, try to figure out what we’re doing in regard to our hair, I will keep you updated with photos of what I find, and of my own hair.
We had two pints here. I had John's Mild Bitter and a blonde ale. Satan had two pints of Blueberry Ale. He offered me a sip. I shoulda had the blueberry!
You can't really see the journaling too well on this picture- but it is written in red metalic pen to tie in with the red stitched circle and the red piping on Will's t-shirt in the photo.
Some mornings, waking up in this new place, I don’t know where I am. The apartment is tiny. The kitchen is not even a whole room away from the living room, just a few steps and a wide doorway with no door separating it. Not even one fireplace. Daddy sits by the window staring out, hardly ever saying anything. Maybe he thinks if he looks long and hard enough, Denver will reappear, that the cluttered corner store filled with canned stuff, racks and racks of junk food, beer and cigarettes will morph into the hundred-year-old cedar tree at the end of our old street. Maybe he thinks the tall gray buildings all smashed against each other will separate and squat down, that the Rocky Mountains will rise up behind them. I want to say Daddy, it’s never gonna happen. But I’m afraid he’ll break into a million pieces if I do. Become the skin-dust floating around the room. I want to say Daddy, you did the right thing.
I might add to this list, but honestly I’m running a bit short on time to come up with more ideas.
sick days in January...pretty much
“Basically, the family members step into the shoes of the deployed service member and can exercise the same custody rights that their service member had been granted under the order,”according to Mark R. Alberts, a principal with Gentile, Horoho & Avalli in Pittsburgh and chair of the Allegheny County Bar Association’s family law section.
Then you come in after your days off and find they have changed everything.
I have a real interest in crappy relationship advice. Call it a hobby of mine. So, after reading a post on Pandagon about a crazy fundie youth group, I followed some links to Lookadoo land, and found Dateable- the book he co-authored about teen relationship advice. It claimed to be a bestseller, so I looked it up.
- The art making is pre-articulate and comes from the felt sense.
He told us that the friend who had been kidnapped with him could not walk because the security men had burnt the soles of his feet with red hot coals, and then forced him to stand for lengthy periods. We never found out where the friend was being held in Quatro, so we presumed he must have 'disappeared', as had so many others. (p.96)
Please leave out the ice, sleet, rain, and mixed, just send snow. Snow is managable, I like snow, I love snow, the other stuff is just plain evil.
Two new vendors will be present - New Brew and NH20. New Brew will be bringing non alcoholic malted beverages served warm. Coffee infused, naturally sweet and earthy, and chocolate cinnamon will be offered. NH20 is crystal clear water harvested on the 282 acre Sunny Slope Farm in Alton. This product was awarded best of NH for 2010.
To be fair the matches have been very close, but, my biggest problem is IPL makes for unfair battles where champions are pitted against trundlers who get smashed. Rarely are we given treats like when AB Devilliers took apart Dale Steyn the other night. That apart I was just wondering what good does IPL do to Indian cricket apart from earning money, money they say is very important but hey remember we never had money problems in India did we ? Our matches and our cricketers were always well paid and there was enough revenue. So, IPL does give more opportunities for our youngsters, while only 20-25 would get a chance of playing for India now many more can hope to be in the game and make their careers. Which is the only good thing I like about IPL a budding cricketer can be now encouraged to take up a sport he loves and not just be worried about his Maths or Science marks all his life whether he likes it or not.
This is NOT one for the SFO, but fairly and squarely, one for him.
As with all recipes in this cookbook, Molly O'Neill interviews the home cook whose recipe this is. This lady explains that she cannot imagine a gathering without macaroni and cheese and that she likes this dish to be plain and pure. She mentions watching cook-offs on Food Network where people tried to glam up mac and cheese by adding artichokes or whatever, and says, "I don't know anyone who would do a thing like that". I'm shaking my head in agreement- why fix what isn't broken?
Then Sammy Smith jumped up and said
Just want to give Brad and Katherine a BIG SHOUT OUT for all the work that they do on keeping the pages going and the passion there. The pages wouldn’t be what they are without them at the helm. They have given us a place to go, share our views and all and not be scared to do so. WE have built wonderful friendship with many of those on the pages and can’t wait to meet them face to face and share a beer.
For he had petrifying nightmares
Chronic pain is different than short-term pain. Oh, I’ve broken plenty of bones, and know what it means to *really* hurt for days, and then to ache for weeks. For a couple of decades now I’ve had a knee which can cause an immense amount of pain if I subject it to the wrong kind of use, and that pain will remain intense for a week or so. Pain is no stranger in my life. Never has been.
The latest version of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act standard electronic claims and related transactions by January 1st, should be implemented by the covered health care providers that include covered dentists, but the enforcement grants time till March 31st. With the HIPAA 5010 transaction set of standards specifying an orderly organization of the electronic data interchange communications content deployed in healthcare, these data evolve over claim status inquiries, electronic claims, claim attachments, eligibility inquiry and response amongst other specifications. According to the announcement of delayed enforcement, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services' Office of E-Health Standards and Services said that covered entities and trading counterparts would be ready to comply by January 1st. The OESS is also aware that many of the covered entities are still waiting for the software upgrades that are necessary for compliance.
My poor DH had the misfortune of being born in California. Both his parents are native born Texans but his Dad was in the Navy and stationed in California after he came back from WWII. They had to stay out there after he was discharged, until he could earn enough money to move back home to Texas and so DH was six months old before he got to Texas. Not sure if he can ever be President of Texas but oh well….his blood is Texan!
From the looks of it, he’d been doing more than thinking. “Yeah?” I asked.
Yes, reading is important. I completely agree. And our kids (my kids) should be reading every night at home. But I just think the time requirements are a bit much, especially if you have more than one child in school (no wonder the Duggars home-school-can you imagine?)
And I am grateful for you gorgeous girl.
Crane was found guilty of the second degree murder of both his victims. He served at least 15 years in prison.
"Who? Where?" I say.
Update: Have tried some torpedo since we got back... Herself still rates it "wouldn't have another", I have it down as "a bit rough without being tough, and confused also" and "hint of toilet-duck" So I'm afraid the 6 has to stand. I would have another, but I'd probably try something else rather. I'm probably not a good judge of these yank IPAs so I don't know if you should take my hearty endorsement of the Ballast Point seriously. But I'm planning to buy some of their other stuff on the strength of it.
Apparently Hermès scarves often fill the role. Depending upon ones means -- or how much the romance meant to the departing party -- jewelry fills the void. One man I know gave his ex a puppy. Apparently he thought a furry friend would help her get over the loss of him. (He was no great loss and she came to see that not long after.) At least with a dog one gets unconditional love and no inane conversation.
all you have to do is become a follower and leave me a comment in the comment section to tell me about it!
Here's an excerpt from The Romance Studio:
Grated Parmesan (optional)
The hatred of tobacco products and their consumers is dangerous to social stability, unfounded and unjust, based on paranoia and hysteria, propped up by the millions of pounds and dollars paid to their chief activisits, and pollsters, and its dangerous to the ecomony.
With my conscience, I support the Reproductive Health bill. But I am a Roman Catholic and my Church strongly opposes RH bill.
All views can be kept anonymous
Words of comfort in my time of need. Thanks, Mom.
The U.S. State Department has ordered all embassy families and non-essential personnel to leave Libya. It also urged U.S. citizens to defer travel there.
I am, going to enter her in
Meanwhile, Republicans have to think to the future, Nelsen said, noting the conservative student groups on Furman’s campus have split into Republican and libertarian camps.
“Also agricultural produce such as cocoa, sesame seed could be of great demand.
Unfortunately, most of these pitches are lame and the products and services lamer. For example:
8) The prophets foretold that Christ would be the Stone rejected by the builders. Matthew 21:42. Luke 20:17. Psalm 118:22. David wrote that Christ would be raised from the dead to sit on David’s throne. Acts 2:27-32. Now, carefully note the prophecy of Amos in 9:11-15. Christ, here, is to build again the tabernacle of David, and save Israelites and Gentiles. This is the program of Acts 15:13-18.
The Other Place
To all my female blog readers, I urge you to hurry over there and take a look around. You will be delighted, amused and inspired because Sara-J knows how to touch the core of a woman, she knows and understands the full experience of being a woman - from the pain and sadness, to the vibrancy and the bodacious, succulent wildness. And oh go on, buy a picture – you know you want to!
Know your friends. It’s strange that those who argue with us against our goals and Scientology cannot conceive of honest help. Discuss help with them and you’ll find their tone and whether they are worth a lot as friends.
i'm afraid. i dont want to listen. i don't want to let go of my broken heart. i'm fine with going throughout my day with a smile plastered on my face. everything is ok. i can pretend all day long. i can reach out to others and help them through their greatest needs. i can share Jesus to a dark and dying world. i can live with a God given purpose and do mighty things in His name. i'm fine with all that. really i am. but at the end of the day, when i crawl into bed, i long to go back to that place. to that cold sterile room, with my heart in my arms. where i could touch and feel and smell and see. that he was here, and he was real. he wasn't just a figment of my imagination. he was a part of me. he is a part of me. i never ever want to let that go. even with the ache that fills my heart with the thoughts and memories that flood my head. i need it, i crave it. i welcome the release of tears when they fall. it's like coming up out of the water and finally getting air.
Last night’s show lasted for almost 2 hours and started with the songs ‘Calhoun Square’. After an hour the little big man played his first big hit, ‘Little Red Corvette’, to be followed by ‘Love Is A Losing Game’, dedicated to Amy Winehouse.
It's a reading thing.
I’m hoping this week was a fluke, but the sudden backwards slip coupled with overpraising from the judges and the momentum building in her competitors’ camps makes me wonder if she isn’t next on the chopping block.
reportedly said “that she
I thought to buy this shirt for JR.
Staple down the picture wire then fold the wire back over the newly stapled area and staple again. This will give it some extra strength so you can actually hang things on your wire! Then take a hammer to make sure the staples lie flat.
Pua said that associations such as Pekema were only speaking for themselves in wanting to maintain the “rent-seeking” practices of the AP system.
Some of the immediate rewards of quitting include:
If we strive to rise above the temptation of our flesh to embrace the negative, often ugliness that beckons at our tempers and tongues when our emotions are high, then the world will see that difference, that empowerment from on high, to love and respect one another. Even in the bad times.
TucsonFestivalofBooks.org
221pgs SC
Posted By Sampara Blog 0 comment
Had to pick Joe up from work in the afternoon, took him to Heyford to get a Fast Car magazine .. and then came home about 5 minutes before Mum came home. They had dinner and all that jazz, I didn’t because I figured everyone else would be going out after the evening’s source of entertainment. We were going to a place named ‘Lazer Quest’. For those of you who know places like ‘Lazerzone’ or ‘Zap Attack’ for the realllllly old ones among us .. it’s basically a lazer tag thing with guns and shit .. really good fun.
Our first challenge this month is to use at least 3 hearts. Well, I got a little carried away and added quite a few more! I hand drew and cut these so please excuse the fact that they are all a little wonky and different!
She’s the beard.
it's done. we're home. we should have results on monday.
Perhaps you have been unfortunate enough, like myself, to be held responsible for someone else’s mess. My dog is a female, so she squats to urinate. More than once, an ignorant person has seen her urinate and either blatantly told me I should pick up after my dog, or they gave me the look that says it all. This infuriates me beyond words. I can honestly say that I have never left a mess behind. I always carry a bag dispenser and always pick up after my dog, whether it’s in my development, at the park, the beach, or visiting another neighborhood. Sadly, few in my development are as considerate. Dog messes, large and small, can be found scattered over all the grassy areas. Some apartment complex property managers have begun using DNA dog poop testing kits to identify the perpetrators. Not a bad idea.
I also hope to apply my gift for mobilizing people (and mermaids!) to including disenfranchised Coney lovers in the local government processes that will determine it's future.
It weighs her down
“Aaakkhh…”Junsu whimpered
"You can read it in the morning paper, you can hear it on the radio, how crime is sweeping our nation, this world is about to go. We need a good old case of salvation, to put the love of God in our soul, we need a whole lot more of Jesus and a lot less rock'n'roll! we need lots more prayers of faith, prayers that will move a mountain, save souls from a burning fate."
A lot of gloss,
Chameleon
Consider Phlebas, who was once handsome and tall as you.
More verses.
Now moving on to threading part, it’s very important that you call gtk.main with a thread. And it has to be called only once during the program, otherwise there would be many threading problems. gtk.main has to be called after you have created widgets, added properties and shown.
Make Way for Tomorrow (US…Leo McCarey)
There were a few areas of my life that needed to be infused with it.
RIP Harvey.
Stray Dog
I am pleased to announce that I have joined the design team at Perfect Sentiment! It is a fun challenge site with a creative twist. Please check it out HERE!
Tan Chin Keong is an analyst at UBS Wealth Management Research.
Until then, here are a pair of The Sisters Of Mercy's shining moments: the first album's "Black Planet" and the magnificent "This Corrosion." Enjoy!
They need to be able to trust you to:
What politics in general (and the EU in particular) has lost in the years since Bill Clinton split the hairs between sexual intercourse and eccentric use of cigars is a total loss of trust.
I was tipped off that the following two articles presumably represent duplicate publication. I fully support the allegation that the 2002 article from the Journal of Pathology represents a case of self-plagiarism.
Fossgate is a real find, actually. There’s the beautiful Merchant’s Hall; the MacDonalds set in a fantastic old cinema (but a furniture shop, not the burger bar…); and a host of quirky individual shops. A great addition to a day-out in York, and one more tourists should find…
They all have difficulty with the back stroke, so Miss Alex finally just took them out of the water and had them practice standing up:
I'm not sure what this says about me. Perhaps I have tried too hard to flee the "big hairy love story writer" moniker. Perhaps I have been in denial about who I am as a writer. But no more. I am going to totally embrace this fact about me and write strictly from the heart. Even if I have to market the more serious, dark material with a pseudonym.
Once the train got going, one girl yelled at the top of her lungs, "I'M HAVING THE BEST TIME OF MY LIFE AND I HAVEN'T EVEN TAKEN ANY DRUGS YET! WOOOOOOOOO HOOOOOO!"
5 Civilians Added to Indictment List in New York City Ticket-Fixing
Broad Ligament Pregnancy
And foolish acts are very tough to overcome, especially if you’ve been doing your “admirable” things for so long. I know I’ve written about using friends and family as backboards with your problems; bounce things off of them for proper/healthy direction. It’s the same with this instance.
How quickly society is willing to forget the positive contributions made by an individual simply because of a misstep along the way. Many productive members of society have fallen from grace and it has been those that have maintained a true sense of self and optimism that have been able to rise above it.
“People are stunned,” said Sister Pat McDermott, president of the 3,500-member Sisters of Mercy of the Americas, based in Silver Spring. “They’re outraged, angry, frustrated, they don’t know where this came from and how to hold it.”
At Rye Golf Course, Par 37
Recently after long bouts of sickness, of which I still have no concrete answers, I was talked into trying Kinesiology and Reiki. Experiencing the flow of energy was an interesting experience. I still cannot quite decide if it helped or not?
How do I know when it’s time to get an agent?
F12 went upstairs to tackle BBC Bitesize. Pokémon-type noises soon issued from what is laughingly called the Study.
Persimmons- Great baked in cookies and they go well with walnuts or pecans.
You may be saying...why in the world would she be driving across country? She could probably buy an airline ticket for just the cost of the gas!. You would be correct. However, there are a whole slew of reasons why I'm going....I haven't been to visit my cousin who lives there in about 30 years, Brenna is speaking at Good Vibrations and it's also her birthday week,I love San Diego, I love unschooling conferences and some of my favorite people in the whole world will be there. I do realize that not one of those reasons has anything to do with my driving rather than flying.
What did your first boy/girlfriend tell you about your body? What happened in the locker room in middle school? What have past dating partners told you?
I wrote it for an Open University assignment. It's pretty transparent, but I'm quite fond of it and it reminds me how much my writing has changed in the past two years.
Commitment comes from the masculine. So a lack of commitment or an inability to commit leaves the feminine completely unsupported and weakened in manifesting anything out in the world. This is an opportunity for self-study into your own dynamics of this relationship. The way it manifests in you personally will give you a clue as to how it shows up in all of your relationships.
The statement begins by declaring - incontestably - that:
Dick, to his credit, seems to have been far more aware of the shadow functions’ opportunism and saw in many of the forms it took the outline of his own history. Moreso than Jung, he was eager to share his experiences with others near and dear to him as having a religious content, as bearing upon his destiny as an individual. For this reason, we see more clearly a pattern of compromise and accommodation in Dick. While he never withdrew from a religious attitude toward his experiences, he never fully realized those attitudes in any sort of religious practice.
Sadness at the subject of the pictures. Happiness at what nice pictures they are. Here are the best of the bunch.
I do have to say, it was butt freaking cold that day. I was on the verge of miserable. Lucky for me, Heidi threw in an extra scarf and let me take it. Who knew that scarves made such a difference?
The tree’s brothers were crying with it.
Is that so much to ask for? I thought so.
Like a lion in the sky,
Stop.
Oh, the Sheraton. I love it. Put a heart at the end. Cause there's a lot of unschoolers there, I meet people, there's a swimming pool really near and it's big for playing hide-and-seek in. And there's two other things, three actually. There's lots of activities, like art, games, and other cool stuff, like nature walks. But I've never been on one of those, there.
unless, of course, one counts the “little horse”
He suggested that, beginning November 3-7, 2010 (‘Yellow Galactic Seed’ Tzolkin date) careful contemplation of the Shift of the Ages and an awareness of our position in affecting the way we move forward will facilitate the dawning of the last step in our evolution. Seeing all of Creation from 3114BC divided into nine ‘Underworlds’ of ever-decreasing length, Dr Calleman (and others) agree with Mayan calculation that in that week in November we emerged from the last ‘night’ of the penultimate phase –the eighth Galactic Underworld which began January 1999, consisting of a wave-cycle of six fluctuating ‘days’ and ‘nights’– and that we now stand in the seventh ‘day’ of that wave, preparing to enter the final Universal Underworld, the Ninth Wave, in February next year. That is only two months from now. In that final cycle of existence, according to the Maya — and to thousands of believers of other faiths around the world — we are capable of manifesting ‘one thousand years of peace and harmony’ on our shared planet.
Source: www.rediff.com
"You can't sit in that chair!" they will say to anyone who doesn't know, only half jokingly. "Grandad wouldn't have wanted you to sit in that chair!" - I never knew either of my Granddads. One was a taciturn old religiously hypocritically religious bore who fell out with my Dad over a christening shawl, and never spoke to him again. He wrote me out of his wives obit in the local paper and claimed just 1ne Grandchild spawned the earth. My other Grandad was a product of his times alcoholic whose own funeral failed to inspire the most base of human sadness. It's thus hard for me to conjure up the feelings 1ne must feel towards a kindly old Grandfather figure. I did know their Grandad though, and upon realising that what their Grandad mostly wanted wasn't to be symbolically and posthumously represented by a worn old out folding chair, but to be left the fuck alone, I begin to think about my life and it's accelerating decline into mediocrity in a way alien to most of my other Xmas's. Certainly more than the 1ne I pulled a Santa hat over my head and fell asleep for 4our hours...
Ah dear. I shall practise being more reserved. But I’ll be buggered if that tutor gets to say, “Because I said so” again without a little ruff and tumble first. I’m working too hard to simply shrug my shoulders.
This time last year, I had just returned from my first trip to Russia where I'd met the baby girl who would, several months later, officially become my daughter.
Hubby insists it looks like an ashtray, but I am enamoured with how perfectly it pairs with the yellow abstract I painted. Only once I settled on a yellow and grey bathroom scheme did I realize how hard it is to find zingy yellow accessories, so I am especially excited about this thrifty find.
The attitude and the hopefully good intentions?
Salvation is not escape
The down side to meat glue has to do with the surfaces of the meat used for sticking together. If a meat, like stew meat is used, there are a number of surfaces to which germs can cling, and if the meat is not cooked to well-done, can make a person sick. The video showed the chef using the meat glue with stew meat. He mixed it all together, then rolled it up in a sheet of wax paper, let it sit overnight, and then sliced it to the size of a piece of filet. The results were that there was no difference in flavor and that it looked the same. But what are the other implications of something like this being used?
I am very pleased with my efforts on the day. I pushed hard from start to finish, executed a great nutrition plan thanks to Hammer Nutrition, rode 45 miles the day before, and focused on keeping good form during the race. I want to give a special shout out to my dad who averaged an 8min pace over the course after crushing the bike the day before and having to carry that super buff body up the hills. Many thank to K-Swiss and Injinji for keeping my feet happy, and TP Therapy for allowing me to walk today haha.
1 reaping
Okay now that you have the 4 basic definitions now you can understand what angle I am speaking in reference to. However, being a single parent is when the child ONLY lives with 1 parent or guardian, which is usally with the maternal mother.
I'll determine all your fates, a president's what I'd like to be
And does this mean that 2012 will not go as quick as last year? Nope, don't think that's going to be case at all do you!!
The fact that we still live and still can do ordinary things every day, is a miracle, a wonder.
welcomed me
04. Dolce Luce
nature loves itself
Take my Facebook page, for instance. Immediately after posting about the discovery of The Bullshit’s spread to my bones, I received 36 friend requests, all from people who’d read my news, found themselves shocked and, in many cases, wanted to leave a kind word on my wall. Add a brain tumour and that ‘months-and-not-years’ talk into the mix and my daft little corner of the
@paradiseghirl88
That's right. One billion.
so I thought I would make another one,
Hello all! Welcome to Monday here on my blog. It's been awhile since I've posted here on blogger as I usually do everything on my wordpress, but I really need to start using both of them! LOL
During the course of this week much attention has been made in the US media to health care legislation currently being propagated by the Obama administration with particular attention being paid to religiously affiliated institutions and their objections to provide their employees with insurance benefits inclusive of contraception.
1895-1896: “importers and wholesale grocers, cotton factors and commission merchants.”
If all of you people who thought putting in Tea Party candidates was such a good idea, let me ask you one question:
2. Mewsette - Robert Goulet
M Sasikumar
Who is to blame them? I had gone down that road before, I had been a teenager too. I have taken up smoking in the past, had my share of public mischief, prowled the billiard rooms like some wannabe 'Ah Beng', kick asses in Arcade Centres playing Street Fighter, I understand all teenagers are assholes.
Goodbye my friend.
Subliminal messages work the same way. They should begin with the word YOU rather than I. So the mind is essentially taking the 'you' statement as direction from the subconscious, because it is using the language of the subconscious.
Elvis Beer!!! Could anyone have imagined? I think my Mom and half a zillion people over the age 60 would buy a bottle of this just because it has Elvis on the label! Marketing genius? Well... Lisa Marie's lawyers will be all over this if hits the shelves. They're want their profit cut! Worse than that.... It's ESB! Maybe put a photo of the later Elvis, all fat and bloated, call it Elvis Sloppy Bastard. Maybe they should hook up with Samurai Artist and do a Peanut Butter and Banana Beer to commemorate Elvis....or just fill it with Amphetamines! Damn.... the man was a train wreck!
my mind flashes through this scenario and I shudder. I’m thanking God. I’m grabbing Sadie. I’m gathering my family. Rob, the soldier who sat behind me, is helping us out onto the wing. This is now. This is my reality.
Large numbers of atheists, humanists, and conspiracy theorists are raising one of the most pressing questions in the history of religion: “Did Jesus exist at all?” Was he invented out of whole cloth for nefarious purposes by those seeking to control the masses? Or was Jesus such a shadowy figure—far removed from any credible historical evidence—that he bears no meaningful resemblance to the person described in the Bible?
Hello friends! Thanks to all who participated in the BOYS WILL BE BOYS challenge. Some great entries were seen and we appreciate those of you who do our challenges. Our random winner is #17 Sarah (SassyUK)
This weeks theme is Morning. At our house- morning is all about the sunlight pouring through our sliding glass door and into the kitchen. I talked about it in my last post too. Its seriously how these crazy boys- and their equally crazy dog- spend each morning. As I do the dishes and make breakfast, they lay on the rung, in the sun, and talk. Mostly crazy talk, to each other. :) I cant remember now what they were discussing when I took these pictures, but it was silly. I dont think it started off silly, but it morphed into silly as the discussion went along. Do you remember those days? When you were a kid and hanging with a friend (or your siblings if you had them) and EVERYTHING always ended up being hysterically funny. I remember. And I love reliving those kind of moments with my little guys.
~When you are on your belly you turn around all the time
So I went on a search for a spaetzle maker. Paprikas Weiss was still open at the time, and I thought I would have luck there. But I didn't. The spaetzle makers I got just didn't work. I really have no idea why, but the results were less than successful until I found this spaetzle maker,
Ice the cupcakes, taking care not to ruin your freshly cleaned kitchen,
You are the first African-American woman to have your own television show on HGTV. What was that experience like? What would you say to other designers of color who are trying to break through in the world of interior design?
As to Applicant White's connection with the Mohawk tribe, the question was this:
Deirdra: In your experience, how has the public responded to faith based books?
Who weeps in all his thoughts and is despondent,
Ginger, 5 slices
Then comes 1:00 a.m. this morning. I am sound asleep dreaming about trying to get away from my daughter’s dog who wanted to sleep in my bed when all of a sudden…THUD….the bed broke nearly dropping my husband and I 6 inches to the floor.
It should be no real surprise that I bought this copy of Mudd's Angels by J.A. Lawrence (1978) for the cover. Just look at it! Who could resist Mudd and his bevy of beauties?
And this book brings up one of the parallels I've descovered about beer and running. One of the best things about running is you don't need any special equipment or belong to any elite club. All you need to do is lace up a pair of running shoes, go outside, and you're a runner. One of the best things about beer is that if you take grains, hops, water and yeast and combine them the right way, you're a brewer. Thanks to this book, more of us can be brewers.
It will all be joining this Jamie Reid poster:
Malcolm McLaren Something’s jumping UK
It's pretty much absurd. The pictures, the paper work, the permission forms that have to be signed in front of a frigging judge, for God's sake! One year the girls and I had to fly to Oslo for a day because we'd missed the one day that year a consul from the embassy set up in Bergen to notarize all that stupid paperwork.
1 minute on low using electric beater and a couple of minutes by hand should do.
You can get as creative as you like with your boards. If you want to stick with writing, try a fiction board, poetry board, non-fiction board, favorite author quotes, pictures of bookshelves, bookmarks or just about anything you like! You can have a board that only promotes your novel(s).
I have been featuring a lot of food posts lately...probably because as you've guessed, I cook a lot. I enjoy cooking, it's healthier, and often tastier than what you can buy. Today's post is no exception...I have tried a number of different granola recipes with no luck. They're either too sweet, too oat-y, not crispy enough, or they end up burning (I was just following directions!).
Anyhoo...Easter is on it's way, yeah!!! I found another Easter basket giveaway! "Outnumbered 3 to 1" to be given away on April 7th. Yeah, I know that's after Easter but it's all good, right? I know I would love a basket full of goodies any day of the year. Granny sure does love baskets because I entered into this goodie of a contest. The basket is from Gourmet Gift Baskets so you know it's going to be chocked full of goodies galore! Well, I could babble on forever about babies and baskets or I could just leave you with a few links. To all that venture into my little corner, have a happy, blessed Easter!
8 year old me wanted to be a veterinarian, then I shadowed a vet for a day. A dog knee surgery ended that dream.
Something in Rel's stomach twinged. It shouldn't be possible for a man so badly injured to be threatening. Stiffened with wariness, Rel's legs trembled as he eased himself to his feet. Clearsight, or perhaps just hunger, brought a wave of dizziness with its headache, but he managed not to reel. The far side of the chasm sprang into subtle grey relief, a web of jagged cracks and creases spearing into the depths. At his feet, stress lines leapt out of the concrete, showing him safe footing, and the cracks that wouldn't drop him into the Abyss.
band is yearning for simpler times, free from iPads and distraction. Dramatic and
I bought a Babycakes cakepop maker and tried for the first time this weekend. As you can see, I need to hone my decorating skills...Nay, I need a cakepop class- Martha Stewart I am not... (FYI you need glaze not icing). But nevermind reading the directions I say!
Add your name to Mr Linky.
This flush that stains my cheeks
Share the Love,
bike rides and wagon rides and walks.
Being the wife of a grad student with 4 children is hard enough, when you throw an illness like MS into the mix you know things are definitely not going to get easier anytime soon.
I have also been in Doubt. That is a sad place to go, and I try not to visit there too often.
We've had to deal with some crazy things this month and it's just made us sad and mad, frustrated and hurt, aggravated and upset. I haven't felt like blogging lately, but I want to say "Howdy" to my new blog and pinterest followers and send out shout out to all my old friends.
Add a few of the Mexican egg rolls into the hot oil, and cook until the wrappers are golden brown, about 4-7 minutes. Remove them and let them drain on some paper towel, upright in a strainer, if you can. Repeat.
The Google bias came into sharp focus the other day when I was doing some research for a new novel. On my laptop, a Google images search for 'Borromeo' came up with just the right thing - lots of images of a sixteenth-century cardinal. I wanted to print one to stick in my workbook for the novel, but the colour printer isn't wifi'd to the Mac, so I did the same search on the PC, logged in as Small Bint.
Obligatory: All personal messages or presents must be acknowledged.
well, there are a few others photos from 2010 that have really stood out for me... shots which have made me love photography, made me give myself some credit in artistry and creativity, and just plain make me smile when i see them. i will include them here:
Or 2) I'll get seduced by a markdown and buy something, only to get it home and realize that I still spent a boatload of money and, even with the 30 or 50% reduction, it was way overpriced, leaving me feel gipped. It's hard, too, coming from NYC where everything is drastically reduced all year long. Les soldes in Paris just don't have the same value.
Today Josh is working on a literature review, I'm doing laundry to prepare for real life tomorrow, KayTar is resting, and BubTar is watching a lot of Doctor Who. Later in the day we are going to put up the tree and Josh is going to make Pioneer Woman's meatloaf tonight. Then it will be back to reality, bright and early tomorrow morning. AGH!!
Sharmishtha Basu
and my lust for her, fuelled
REVOLUTIONARY LEADERSHIP AND THE ROAD FORWARD
Overall, I'm a fan. It's not quite what I was looking for, but it's still tasty. Definitely something to build upon. It is rather thirst-quenching and quaffable, so it can't be that bad. The next Stone Soup Ale should be coming towards the end of March or early April, right after we brew the '09 Ides of March RIS.
There ARE a few rifles chambered in 20mm (which is about .79 caliber, and usually using aircraft cannon type ammunition with a solid projectile instead of an explosive shell) but they are very rare, very expensive, and very very hard to shoot; because of the massive recoil energy and muzzle blast they produce. They are essentially a curiosity.
Later, money became pieces of paper. They would consist of either words, stating that the bearer of this piece of paper was owed $100.00 worth of gold for example, and the holder could trade this paper with someone (usually a bank) for gold. After a while, specifically in the USA, the gold reserves were full, yet the people claimed they needed more money. The government decided to do away with “paper Vs. gold reserves” and simply printed more paper money, effectively devaluing all currency of America. The American money is now simply a piece of paper, stating its worth of X dollars. All of their paper currency is the same size, same colour and to a blind person, has no obvious differences from each other. Completely worthless, in my opinion, and literally, not worth the paper it is printed on!
As a GM, it's a classic horror-movie-style oneshot with deliberately meh pregen PCs who then become individuals because there are real people playing them who don't necessarily follow the script, and that's the plan. Only the in-character GMs try to railroad them like crazy, and it all goes wrong anyway. And then all the monsters in the rulebook break through the GM's screen and eat the game development staff. Or something. The analogy breaks down when the audience are also the stars.
We’re champions at simulating productivity while simultaneously doing nothing.
And a few days ago I bought some new make up.
Success inevitably attracts attention and opposition. During 2008, having been elected to the GLA and while also a councillor in Barking and Dagenham, I was constantly under attack, both having my house damaged again and being brought before the Standards Board through complaints initiated by Labour councillors. After I was elected as a member of the GLA, I passed the leadership of Barking and Dagenham BNP councillors on to the deputy leader of the opposition and became the deputy myself. By this time I was dealing with not only my own ward but with several other wards, as well as representing London on the GLA.
She would poop where she's never pooped before!
This collection is now available for purchase. You can see the info on ordering and pricing by clicking the tab at the top of the page or by clicking here. You can also send me an email at pamsgirlybits@hotmail.com
There is also an article at Physics World including quotes from yours truly. You will note I have been nice about everybody. Except NASA of course.
There are tons of reasons why it’s a good idea to make greetings cards rather than buy them.
JORDAN: I went to school for fiber arts and began making strange trophy creatures as a part of my BFA thesis project that was inspired by a fascination in Cryptozoology (the study of hidden animals… like Bigfoot or the Loch Ness Monster) and sideshow gaffs. They were a little more grotesque in appearance when I began, but in time evolved into more colorful and sweeter versions, partly as an influence from working in the toy industry. I’ve turned them into a line of one of a kind soft sculptures called “Horrible Adorables” and sell them at indie craft fairs along the East coast!
Occupation: Doesn’t really have one
I noticed at the time that I had very little space left and tried throwing out a few old applications without it making much difference. But now, in looking for the missing document, I suddenly saw that the problem was not in the applications but in the apparently harmless documents and photographs.
The Forsythia wreath and Easter Lilies make the front door at The Glen cheery!
Like a junkie, I couldn’t do it. Why is that? I knew what I was doing was wrong for me. Unhealthy. But yet still I bought the bag and proceeded to eat the whole thing.
“No, Hayley, I do not know that. All I know is that she needs to be home, with her parents.” She glared at her sister over the coffee table and added a harsh emphasis on that final, contested noun.
Reading ages: Very small. There just isn’t enough here to hold an older child’s attention.
Jonjo O’Neill (born April 13, 1952) was a highly successful jump jockey and has established himself at the top of the training ranks. In spite of an appalling list of injuries, he was champion jockey twice (1977/78 and 1979/80), and he set a then record for a season of 149 winners in his first championship year. The most sensational moment of his riding career came when he won the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Dawn Run in 1986 as the mare became the only horse to win that trophy after having previously taken the Champion Hurdle (1984), again with O’Neill in the saddle. He also won the Gold Cup on Alverton in 1979, though he had a dreadful record in the Grand National, in which he never completed the course in spite of having eight rides. He retired from the saddle at the end of the 1985/86 season and, having survived lymphatic cancer not long after that, started training near Penrith, Cumbria, in 1987. He forged a reputation with horses such as Vicario Di Bray, winner of the 1989 Champion Hurdle Trial at Haydock, and Legal Right, who landed the Grade Three Tripleprint Gold Cup at Cheltenham in 1999 and went on to capture the BGC Silver Cup at Ascot as well as the Grade Two Tommy Whittle Chase. He moved to his present base at Jackdaws Castle in Gloucestershire, not far from Cheltenham, when the yard was bought by owner J P McManus in 2001. In 2010, he finally broke his Grand National duck when saddling Don’t Push It to victory for McManus, who had been trying to win the race since
There is no guarantee whatsoever that all 17 governments will agree on an increase in the funds available to the EFSF or to increased powers of intervention. The eurozone leaders are reportedly arguing in tense, behind the scenes negotiations about where the EFSF funds will come from. Some leaders are proposing that they would mainly come from the European Central Bank (ECB). This would be, in effect, another form of ‘quantitative easing’, printing money in order to bail out governments and banks through the EFSF. This is strongly opposed both from within the ECB and by a number of governments, such as Germany and Netherlands, who see it as a road to escalating inflation. Regarding the €109 billion loans package, the government of Finland is demanding collateral (security) for its share of the loan. Other governments, such as Slovakia and Austria, are likely to make similar demands. These governments are demanding that a slice of government revenue or physical assets, such as land or buildings, should be allocated to them as security. This is reminiscent of the demands for reparations made on Germany after the first world war.
This afternoon, as I passed by the now defunct Buschlen Mowatt venue, a visit there came to mind. It was a ‘carborundum’, a word I had never heard of, that awed me with its textured beauty. Again Helen Frankenthaler’s work had captivated me that day years ago.
brown chicken in 1 teaspoon butter. Transfer to an 11-in. x 7-in.
As I was watching it I had to keep reminding myself to focus on the movie.
The past 6 months has probably been the most enriching time of my life. The journey through my run streak (or at least half of it, as originally planned) taught me more about myself and what I’m capable of accomplishing than any other life experience. The week (give or take) since I was forced to throw in the towel has drudged up strength of character I didn’t know was buried.
Voilà les chevaux=There are the horses (pointing)
For a normal, healthy delivery,
At lunch I went out for a walk, it wasn’t raining so I spent 40 minutes walking up to the shops and back again. Despite the recent downpours the trees are looking fabulous – confetti blossom -
I forgive myself that I have accepted and allowed myself to believe I must be a savior where within that I actually go and try to convince them of my truth yet doing it all from the starting point of knowledge that I do not yet life as myself
Are we feeling the same appreciation?
Another issue is my love of dialogue. Some writers have trouble writing dialogue, I really enjoy it. I hear my characters talking in my head, that makes it so easy. My challenge comes in building the setting, showing the emotions in ways other than words.
I have not drunk milk for sixty years.
(Many thanks to Annie for inviting me to join this series!)
The restaurant feels like one of those hidden backstreet restaurants you get in Tokyo. Entering through swinging wooden doors, you step into a slightly gloomy, tavern-like interior. There are small wooden tables and writing scrawled over the lumpy clay walls. To one side is a bar counter behind which a woman busily tends to skewers on the hissing grill, sending smoky smells wafting through the room.
The folks who had organised the parking for visitors in such a way that, from 10 am to 4 pm, they would have to cruise around for up to 20 minutes looking for a space. The people with Big Hair and clipboards who’d installed a payment system so complex, the queues at each machine were 5-6 people long all day. Almost as long, in fact, as the queues in the various hospital shops and cafes.
This was the one time of year when we paid homage to Martin Luther King for standing up for civil rights. We admired Rosa Parks for staying at the front of the bus, and we were confused about if Malcolm X was good or not so good…. Oh, and let’s not forget how we bow down to Madame CJ Walker for inventing that straightening comb!
Last week I was in attendance for a planning and logistics meeting for Occupy Norfolk. Their de facto leader James McPherson has been doing a great job organizing protesters and spreading the message.
People were not meant to die. People say that death is natural. It is not. It has never been. It will never be. The death of a plant is natural. The death of an animal maybe… but the death of a human being has no hint of natures doing. Death is the doing of a curse. We all live beneath the curses reign…
Whose voice would it be if you heard the likes of, “I am Jesus of Nazareth?” It would obviously be an impostor. He wouldn’t be speaking for He finished speaking in the final revelation of His Word, the Bible. Certainly, he would be adding to His already completed revelation and we know from Revelation 22:18 the penalty for adding to that Word.
* Roast the chiles on the grill. A second rack up off of the main grilling surface works best.
Amelia Plume is a decently wealthy young lady looking to get married. She dreams of adventures and passion: she spends her time reading raunchy romance novels (insert laugh here, LOL) and wants to get awaaaaay from England.
The Koeberg Alert Alliance is planning a series of events in March to raise awareness and increase support for our vision of a nuclear power free South Africa
There was something out there, where she pointed. He didn't see it directly, and it wasn't the dreaded still patch that marked out a Negation, but the patterns were all wrong for the First Realm. There was a sense of motion, but it seemed to follow his gaze, so that each time he moved, he saw the same vague shape.
I awoke with a start, blinking at the late afternoon glare that reflected off of the glistening green-gold walls of what could only be the Emerald City, but that didn't prevent me from asking the obvious: "Where are we?"
This was a short month, and I'm blaming my Kindle.
Pass and are gone they fade—I dwell not on soldiers’ perils or
7) “Don’t be a fashion bitch”
I'm trying out some new stuff and techniques I've been thinking about.
Falling on their knees they bow before the humble Prince of Peace
There's a worrisome uptick in the incidence of certain head and neck cancers among middle-aged and even younger Americans, and some experts link the trend to a rise in the popularity of oral sex over the past few decades.
An apology can be done by tweet…and would be the right thing to do. Life is too short to piss off a lot of people needlessly. Go and piss off the people who really deserve it, Mr Aldridge. I’ll happily support you on that expedition.
lightheartedly when friends are with him.
When I loaded the belly pictures from this morning onto the computer, I was shocked at how huge my belly is. I look at it hundreds of times a day, but I was still surprised. We also take pictures of my bare belly every week and I had to look at them a few times. I love how big I am. In some of them, I look like I am 8 months pregnant.
and fast, Dragonfly Organix Odor Eliminator uses a unique plant-based formulation that eliminates the toughest odor problems. The special odor-cleaning action absorbs the odor on contact. It is effective on a wide range of odors, including smoke, footwear, sporting equipment, pet
More stitching fun – have any of you tried or used the pinhead stitch to start or end a thread?
The answer: frankly, I’m not sure current photographer can add a whole lot to what’s out there (some will agree – some will disagree with me here).
So now im going to share with you some of the crazy and not so crazy lists I have made.
Adapted from Food Network.com
Anyone else like to admit to a habit of accosting old ladies or gentlemen on buses or trains? Or other vampirical tendencies? Is anywhere, in fact, safe for innocent members of the public, with historical novelists everywhere ravening for fresh story-blood?
I use a cheaper, non-sable brush called "Masters Gold." Go figure! It is around 6 to 8 dollars and is the best for its price. I also use a pen... but the dip pen I use is from Japan and all the info on the packaging is in Japanese, so I have no clue what they're called! It says G-Pen on it and that's all I know. But they are phenomenal! They are only available in one or two art stores in Manhattan, so I have a feeling they are hard to come by.
Level: 1
What you see here, was shot as a RAW file, cropped slightly to rid the image of a light pole on the right, and some pavement on the left. Using Corel After Shot Pro, and Corel Paint Shop Pro X4, I’ve adjusted color balance, levels, and sharpness. Camera was the Sony Alpha 700, with a Tamron 17-50 f/2.8 lens. Exposure was 1/250 sec. at f/5.6, ISO 200.
The first step is LISTENING. That is pretty important. If you’re having a conversation with a friend over lunch and they don’t stop talking at you, you wouldn’t feel it a very fruitful conversation, especially if they didn’t give you time at all to speak. How does one listen? Well, it takes practice.
PROSPECTS: Very likely to be the biggest movie of the summer, it is to be the last Batman movie directed by Christopher Nolan and fans will be attending in droves.
2 cups grape tomatoes
Time for a rest perhaps? Never. Believe it or not there are still countries he hasn't DJ’d or dug for records in, still sounds he hasn't experienced, and still so many great records to make. Onwards and upwards my friends,onwards and upwards...
someone who loves my kids as if they were his own
story as a young girl and ends it as an adult. I wrote with readers in mind and hope they will appreciate my carefully worked prose and be able to identify with the universal truths and experiences I was trying to set down within this family saga.
Skills: Climbing d8, Fighting-d8, Notice-d10, Persuasion-d10, Stealth-d10, Survival-d12, Throwing-d8, Tracking d8, Psionics-d12, Spellcasting-d12
It was a cold and windy night, as the howling winds beat upon the window panes. Inside, body warmth was not only touching my skin but my soul. I started holding her hand and caressing her soft skin. She pressed her lips against mine as my heart began beating faster. My tongue brushed the delicate shell of her ear as I blew a light breath over the moist spot. She shivered. Passion took over as I began fondling her breasts as our love-making intensified. At that moment, I felt my collective consciousness leaving my body, and a feeling of oneness appeared.
20. Has the care and concern of the hyungs, the love and care of the noonas, it’s really nice. If only he can see his family more…Hyung, saranghae…
That would mean already hard-pressed households having to fork out an extra £240 a year.
Joe was no stranger to sex. His reputation preceded him. He was very experienced. A man whore some might say. I, on the other hand, was not. To say I was inexperienced was an understatement. I'm serious. My best friend and I thought oral sex consisted of 2 people talking about sex. Joe must have seen the hesitation on my face. He said, "That's OK, I can bring some out." And that was exactly what he did. He showed me his clothes. IOU sweatshirts, Guess jeans, fancy tennis shoes. He told me how his mom had a garage sale and the following Monday all of the kids from school started showing up in his clothes. I tried to look interested, but seriously WTH? This was so not the way I imagined our first date would be.
Trevor successfully completed his Bachelor of Arts in Interior Design at Mount Royal College in Calgary and Curtis was formally trained as a graphic artist. Both have acquired substantial experience in retail – Trevor in architectural and design retailers, and Curtis was the graphic artist for a successful retail outlet. Another facet the pair have in common is their willingness and ability to achieve optimal client satisfaction and giving each home a unique personality.
And every once in a while you saw a mother carry a baby to a bar. No one needs a crying infant at a place you want to get drunk at. Also worth mentioning are the high prices for groceries and the outrageous rip-off at the one and only Union Market. Even though it is considered a gourmet store, I had a few fights with the cost-value relationship of the items they offer. What had been known in Flatbush as funny looks towards white people now turned back into the opposite. My Dominican friend once visited me (he is black) and felt very uncomfortable walking the streets of this neighborhood. He claims everyone was observing him, waiting for him to make a wrong move. I wouldn’t know. But it wouldn’t surprise me. I have yet to find an area in which both races are equally accepted. While 7th Avenue is still quite snobby, 5th Avenue can be seen as the Latin part of the hood. Many Hispanic folks live here, own their store, or like to wander around. It is a peculiar aspect of the Slope but it surely exists.
He bit his lips. ‘Everything will be okay…’
But secondly and in many ways more significantly is the fact that fandom on the whole never wanted definitive explanations of these things. Yes, of course they complained constantly about the errors, but it fundamentally misunderstands the desires of fandom to assume that just because they’re complaining about something they want it fixed. In fact the reason for pointing out something like “what are those faces in The Brain of Morbius” or “what’s with that Planet 14 reference in The Invasion” is the fun of debating and proposing answers for the questions. The last thing anyone kvetching about Planet 14 wants is for some blowhard with a magazine column to offer some half-cocked “definitive answer,” doubly so if the “definitive answer” is rubbish anyway. Fans don’t want answers. They want things to argue about.
to hell with tensile strength, sheer strength
"The ANC cannot fool the people of South Africa into thinking there is broad support for the secrecy bill.
I'll wear that.
Well, that's all the information we have for history, but it's interesting that this town has a long-standing tradition of beer brewing.
Dark amber brown pour
Aberdulais was popular with tin works from the 19th century and we saw a water wheel driving a turbine and how well used and control water energy. Alex enjoyed the little film about the tinplate works and also learnt that there were a lot of children working there instead of going to school.
04. Breed
#85...Sazzlecraft
I added a strip of blue glitter ribbon. At the time of choosing that ribbon, I didn't realize how glittery it was...but by the time the card was complete my desk, my hands, my floor, the card were completely covered in glitter! Quite a mess...but I love glitter and I love this ribbon :)
What can a man build with his hands?
The front door was ten feet high if it was an inch and emblazoned with a coat of arms that featured a mounted knight carrying a lance, who, instead of wearing a helmet, had on some kind of fedora. It swung open without a sound, revealing the little guy from the gatehouse, wearing a tuxedo with a morning coat. He smiled, if you could call it that—it more like a chimp baring its teeth.
“Yes, but it’s tailored,” I pointed out. “You’re secure enough in your masculinity to wear pink, aren’t you?”
*”That’s for nothing, so look out.”
Here are some of the blogs that I visit regularly and that I think you guys would enjoy:
“Hey you know what you are?”
So, let me talk about Network Ethics a bit. In my nearly complete manifesto book, an entire third of the text is devoted to network ethics. And within network ethics, there is only one standard of value: complexity. This value is designed as something which applies to human, living, and non-living systems. Here’s a quickie version of why.
Anyway, I was shocked that companies bother to have two different formulas because to me that seems expensive but when asked why they did that instead of selling the safer formula in both places...it was stated in one of the books - "Because they can." Basically, American women will still buy the formula that is not safe. And yes ladies, we do want the latest and greatest on what is going to make us thinner, younger, prettier, perfect skin, etc. but at what cost, eventually? I would like to change that - the more information I put on there a long with many others will hopefully cause a few women to buy the safer alternatives and make these companies that have bad ingredients realize we are no longer going to allow them to essentially ruin our health!
Friday: Water the plants
Stay strong and take care of yourself. Love yourself and know your worth. Feel the moment even if it makes you cry, you need to. Accept help but don’t feel sorry for yourself. Know your limits so you can set clear boundaries. Be sure to get some sleep and eat well. Exercise and seek out friends. Be extra kind to yourself taking measures not judge yourself for mistakes. Don’t ever beg you’re worth more than that. Try not to give more than you can handle. Remain open to love it hasn’t abandoned you. Stay in the present, the future is in front of you not in your head. Know who your friends are and keep them close. Mourn fully and without apology take it one day at a time. Breathe breathe breathe. Find comfort in the small things and accept generosity.
What are you waiting for!? Click on the link above and get started today!
Commandant Edward ‘Ned’ Daly surrendered the First Battalion at the Four Courts on the evening of 29 April 1916. Following their surrender and subsequent arrest for their actions in the Easter Rising, the Battalion was marched, together with their commander, to the grounds of the Rotunda Hospital, where they were held all night under armed guard. From there Edward Daly was taken to Kilmainham gaol. At his court-martial trial, Daly asserted that he and his men were just following orders. Daly was convicted and sentenced to execution. In the stonebreaker's yard of Kilmainham Gaol on 4 May 1916 he was executed by firing squad. Only 25 years old, he was the youngest man to be executed.
Hello everyone! I hope everyone's week has been fine and dandy so far. It's thursday! Which means we are one day away from friday, which means the week is almost over! I'll be heading off to Europe this weekend, and I'm hoping that weather will be nice enough to wear a leather jacket, a trench coat, and some fuzzy warm boots! :)
Slowly he lifted and placed her on the floor. Then he began to make love. First gently and then in his usual brutal wild way.
This height was decided upon for two reasons…first, it is now the world’s tallest free-standing tower, and also in Japanese “6-3-4″ can be pronounced as “Mu-sa-shi” which sounds like 「武蔵の国」 (“Musashi“) which is the old name for the area of Tokyo that the towers stands in.
14. A very obedient child, even if he is asked to sit on someone’s lap, or getting hugged or being lifted up on someone’s shoulder, he does not object. He’s so young that the sunbaes find it hard to see him as a rising artiste who is catching up with them, but he is beginning to present a star’s disposition.
Yes, the weather's still gloomy!
Long Walks
This is the pattern. I am on the line right above the green tape. I have a ways to go. When I finish the knitting I follow with embroidering more colors over this pattern - felting the wool - cutting the pieces to the right dimensions, and then putting it together. I'm very happy you don't have to line a felted bag!
Mix together 1 8-oz. pkg. cream cheese, 1 C. powdered sugar and 1 C. Cool Whip in a bowl with an electric mixer. Spread layer of cooled crust.
That loves not the points A or Z, but all the letters in between
Well, neither had I. Nor did I have a source of income save my scant student loans and scholarship. But I was willing to follow Skenazy's directions and spent long hours in the undergraduate library trying to make sense of my suffering. One afternoon I was nearly laughed out of the seminar room by my utterance of a wicked malapropism: "architypical".
My favorite project in this course was the sculpture park catalogue project. That one was really rewarding because I felt my finished piece was really polished and turned out well, despite printer quality issues. It was extremely time consume going through that amount of photos but I really learned the importance of organizing photos and editing them. It was great working with provided photography to have great photos from different angles to choose how to display them and why. Once I really realized how I wanted to lay things out, I couldn’t believe how that pushed me to look for specific photography and then to be able to go out and take more photos myself was really beneficial to fill in the gaps. Usually I’m not a big fan of large physical construction projects but the physical piece turned out SO well and really did the design justice. It was so simple but showed off the written parts and the sculptures.
Why would anyone vote Labour when we still are in doubts over the truth of the Hutton Inquiry?
In truth, what it actually looks like is the most magnificent English ale ever brewed.
Holden spent the first two months of his life in the hospital and was given a two percent chance to live.
Breakfasts - hot or cold cereal, fruit, smoothies, muffins
I'm experimenting with red lipstick. As I said previously, I want to be more like The Real Housewives on TV, and they wear an awful lot of red lipstick. The Real Housewives of Minxy County (minus me right now) wear alot of red lipstick as well.
What pressure this speaks over teachers. Everyone must watch their tongue, but the teacher will be held at a higher standard. People watch the teacher and learn from their words. As a mom, I feel parents are the teachers of their children. I don’t mean they all homeschool, I mean we must teach our children. They watch us and hear our words. I must make sure the things coming out of my mouth glorify God.
SEAN: Think about writing. Okay, maybe there is a little bit of time in there that I spend with my family. Then I write about it.
We don’t have to man the barricades to do this: for now, just cc’ing all your e-mails to Theresa May will do. If she wants the legislation to read all of our e-mails, lets save her the trouble and send them to her directly, and see how keen on the idea she is on Tuesday 1st May.
Thank You Ladies for playing with us! Congratulations! Grab your badges from our badge page at the top... and display with pride!!
We’ll take each one separately over the coming months, but let’s take this one as a tiny pulse.
To drink savignon blanc than chardonnay.
Nobody clapp’d hands here then.
will love me-completely!
It rained miserably, and we bought an umbrella.
Bad blood stains the familial tree,
Madainn Mhath! (Good Morning!)
He also prayed that his believers, are SANCTIFIED (set apart) through the word (John 17:17).
Belted
We can’t escape
the very earth trembled as the sun came up
Then restart Backup Exec service.
Military engagement will be conducted by Plejaran fleet in command of Semjase and Remiz of Erra. Efforts will be made by Arcturian and Andrmedan ships to relocate people who will be in danger, but the logistics of moving millions is daunting. It is inevitable many will lose their lives, but the bases pose a larger threat of greater global harm. Those selected for future migration to Hope will be taken a week before the attacks; however, they will not be abducted, per se, but given a choice to reloacte to Hope or stay on earth.
I just returned home from a three day business trip to Chicago. The good news is that I slept for most of the trip. The not so good news is that I broke my diet big time (as expected). The biggest diet offender was ginger margaritas from the Pump Room. Buenisimo!
Tuesday night was a reception that we couldn’t make it to, but we did go to the Wednesday engagement (swayambar) and wedding (bihaa). These last three days (Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday) are sahith, which Tri translated as “an auspicious time,” so there have been lots of wedding this week.
It is just so hard for me. I feel like I’m failing her by making her “uncomfortable” and in a way I am being selfish by bringing him around when I know she doesn’t like it. But, on the other hand I know that I am allowed to be happy and allowed to do things for myself. And what I’m doing isn’t harming anyone or illegal or even out of the ordinary. It’s not like I’m bringing a different guy home every day, week, month, hell even year. In three years he’s the first person I’ve brought home.
It's huge and it's less than ten years old, on ten acres of which we can use every little bit.
The book has a foreword specially written by variety entertainers Ian and Janette Krankie.
After F.W. de Klerk opened the floodgates and these criminals were allowed back in SA, along with Nigerian drug lords, we saw gang wars in 1996 with hand grenades chucked over garden walls, etc.
Ours boasts of it quite openly,
the sweat
And in this wrenching recession we’re in, workers 55+ have been laid off at twice the rate of younger ones. Laid off workers over 45 took an average wage cut of 20% when they did manage to get a new job. And no matter how much wisdom, strength and power you have in your hands and heart, when you’re 73, it’s mighty tough out to land a job.
I'm not feeling this. We are 5 minutes into this.
1. (C) SUMMARY. PolOff and PolAsst's trip to Limpopo Province on 24 April confirmed press reports that Zuma's camp has made inroads in gaining provincial support for Zuma as ANC President, but the province remains split and difficult to call. As expected, Zuma's supporters were fervent but short on substance, never making a case for what Zuma would bring to the party as ANC President. Instead, they emphasized that the ANC as an institution is greater than the sum of its members, dismissing the importance of leadership in the process. END SUMMARY.
NOW: social shopping is a pervasive trend. Consumers share products, purchases, and deals with friends and family. Recommendations mainly based on purchases and searches, reviews from other customers and friends.
Other than that, my weekend consisted of....you guessed it...studying!! I have a feeling the rest of my weekends until school is done will be filled with lots of studying, and lots of Starbucks time. Thank goodness I have a great boyfriend who knows how to make me smile after lots of studying...
On the other hand, supermarkets stock a reasonable amount of cereals, though less than in England. I am relying on general impressions, rather than targeted research: I keep forgetting to check when I do the shopping. I did notice, however, that even Biedronka has cornflakes and one other standard cereal. One of their adverts also shows a child eating cereal with milk - part of shop rather than product advertising, however. The volume of milk available in shops brings my direct experience into even stronger doubt, as there are usually large stocks held there.
3rd challenge: Projects.
Councillor Cara McShane and other councillors have raised this problem and other site planning issues both at council level and with various government departments and agencies. Sometimes the response is too little; sometimes it is also too late.
Venue
traits.
My husband and I loved this Thai Chicken Soup from Food Network Magazine. I couldn't wait to make it as it was so different from usual comfort food, yet very hearty. This cconut-curry soup is packed full of flavours. It wasn't so spicey that you were breaking out in a sweat, which is the way I like it, but my husband prefers to have his mouth on fire with Thai food. Our kids found it a bit spicey for their tastes, but they still ate it.
As you know, from time to time I offer Blanky-Thanky’s to all of you who are kind enough to hit the “like” button on the Jun,,,Stunk,,,things I post. This be one of those times..Also included in this Blanky-Thanky is sincere gratitude and recognition of, and to, the newcomers, as well as the ‘old’ friends of poemsandponderings..With wishes for many more pleasant reads (and some maybe not) I say to you, “Thanks and Welcomes” all around…Barkeep set ‘em up…Put it on my tab..
Although he started out as “Bill Keane”, he dropped the second L from his name “to be distinctive.” What he should have done was to use his more distinctive middle name, Aloysius.
The artwork:
The Florida-Friendly Landscaping™ program will present a free workshop on how to
It was a joke, but I noticed she wasn’t laughing. And, the very next day, it was confirmed that she didn’t share my humor, because I received an e-mail advising me that I wouldn’t be cleaning her downtown hotel.
Very nice beer. One of the few that I like that is this yeasty.
TASTING NOTES: This is a really easy dessert to make. Can it be made with skim milk? I have no idea. Half and half? Probably. I have a philosophy about desserts like this-- indulge, enjoy, but don't do this every day. To me, Panna Cotta is defined as "cooked cream" for a reason. If you have success with skim milk, please let me know. As for flavor-- I loved it. The citrus flavor was very mild....subtle. You knew you were eating orange, but it didn't overpower the flavor. I am a big fan of custard desserts, and this is very creamy without being too rich. If you don't have orange flower water, add vanilla. I love eating Panna Cotta with a fruit coulis sauce. But this is very refreshing. I'll have to experiment with a lemon-scented version.
a package had fallen behind dad’s oat bran cereal.
The butterfly was printed on vellum and the flowers dry embossed as in parchment carft.
Sullivan's Travels, Preston Sturges' pre-war masterpiece, concerns a movie director (Joel McCrea) who has tired of making light comedies and wants to make a film about the downtrodden forgotten man. So, like William Powell in My Man Godfrey, he goes incognito as a hobo, but finds that no matter what he does, he winds up back in Hollywood. Several plot twists later with the help of The Girl (Veronica Lake), Sullivan succeeds in becoming a hobo only to wind up on a chain gang serving time for manslaughter. Here, he learns the value of laughter and decides that possibly he has been contributing after all. Like any Sturges film, Sullivan's Travels is satiric and sharply observed, though this time the satire informs a powerful social message. Many regard this as Sturges' best film.
When that hits the shelves, I'll be set.
I love feeling this happiness again. Of course I'm going to have bad days and that's okay. I miss Aidan with every fiber of my being, BUT that's good. That means that Aidan is my son and will always be in my heart and my head. I'm so happy that Aidan is my son and that I have him watching over us. My marriage is great (minus a little hiccup from lack of communication surrounding Lucas' birthday, but that's worked out), Lucas is great and I enjoy my job.
I awoke early for the 6:02 a.m. regional train out of Prague to the Czech countryside town of Kutna Hora. I was on my way to see a place that had been on my ‘to-do’ list for a long time. Sedlec Ossuary; the infamous church decorated with human bones. The journey took one hour and shrouded in fog, although I did see out the window my first wild deer standing in ploughed fields.
Okay so now onto the art, I havent really completed to much but I have been playing around in my journal,trying to be looser with my brush strokes. The first one is "a girl on the dunes" and the second one is"the shacks". both of these were inspired from where I grew up,which is cape may new jersey. I've been listing on etsy with not much luck but I'm determined,and will keep on trying. It always seems when somebody sees something that I've done they usually want me to do some commision work for them which is good,I'm not complaining but I like it better when I'm free to make what I want to make. Anyway I'm doing free shipping on my etsy for the rest of may,just enter FREESHIPPING511 in the coupon code(all in capitols) Hope everybody has a great week and hopefully I'll be back sooner. Going to eat some ice cream now!
16. Solomon’s Decision - All-Story Weekly 3 parts Dec 1, 8, 15
Once your dough has risen, it needs a second rise. Punch it down and split into two even balls of dough. Grease a 9 inch springform pan and spread one dough ball into the bottom of it, making sure you've covered it evenly. Spread onion and sausage mixture on top and then cover with the second ball of dough, spread out into a disc. Cover and let rise for 30 minutes. This is a good time to preheat your oven to 425 degrees!
Also a must for a great shower is great flowers! Here is any easy how-to for a quick and pretty arrangement:
After touring Canterbury we drove to the coastal town of Dover. We walked along the famed White Cliffs of Dover, which were breathtaking even with the extremely strong sea breezes. In fact, the wind was so strong that we could lean against it and not fall over. The walk was a few miles long and we were treated to a quaint lighthouse in the middle of our walk.
I re-read the weight loss chapters and came acorss a passage that gives me a small sliver of hope. Simply put, the cheat days are necessary especially for women and last week, mine was more of a cheat meal. So on Saturday, I ate badly in attempt to reset my metabolism.
The next night, he was slightly drunk when he texted me to come out to the bar with him and his friends. Again, I had nothing going on and didn’t see why I should pass up on a fun night at the bar. I got there and met a bunch of his chef friends who were all very cool. I ended up drinking a lot very quickly to catch up to him. He tricked me into kissing him, but I didn’t complain.
Our family will be participating in “Screen Free Week” from April 30th thru May 6th. No TV, no DVDs, no video games, no smart phones, no handheld video devices (Nintendo, etc) for a WHOLE week. I am not going to lie…this will be a difficult week for me as well as the kids. No Facebook? No Pinterest? No Words with Friends or Draw Something? Say it isn’t so!
I hope this has been helpful and now you have some useful tips to take better photos at night or in low light. The important thing to remember is that you will need a long exposure to get enough light for a good photo. This means that you will need to stabilize your camera either by using a tripod or stable surface (i.e.: table, bench etc.). Use a low ISO as this will help reduce noise in your photo. Take control of your camera, shoot in manual mode then experiment, experiment, experiment.
In case you don’t already know, “CC” on an email means “carbon copy”, and “BCC” means “blind carbon copy.” They have old timey roots, but the abbreviations have stuck around. In modern vernacular, when someone says “copy me on it”, they mean CC them on that email, or, make sure they see the email, even though its contents aren’t directly addressed to them. The difference with BCC is that the recipient(s) can’t see who else is getting the email. It’s very sneaky, it’s a lovely little tool for when you’re sending something to a large list of people who may not want their emails shared, as is often the case with a press release. If you use Gmail, like I do, click ‘Add CC” or ‘Add BCC’ under the send box to get these options. (Also, you can email from different accounts via gmail! Incredibly handy! If you also download the Gmail app on your smartphone, you can use this option there, too.)
In this case, it was a short piece by Roll Call’s Neda Semnani, who writes the “Heard on the Hill” column. From the snarky headline to the factual inaccuracies, it is one steaming, stinking heap of FAIL.
All results were inconclusive, including a detailed endoscopy where a digital camera was used to explore Tanvir’s digestive tract.
The Ultimate Fighter (FX)
The Hinds House now and close to when it was originally built.
Make the goat cheese layer: In a food processor or with an electric mixer, blend the goat cheese, eggs, cream, rosemary, pepper, and salt until smooth. Set aside.
-calligraphy
With time I reached the age where I didn't care what people thought. I learned to question every bit of "wisdom" and advice thrown my way. Imagine, all those years, all that rubbish and I had no clue. Television, like all things, has a value which is determined by the individual. The aesthetic and psychological value are hard to pin down but, like anything, it is a source of knowledge.
I took a wee detour on the way home and marveled at the strange and pretty roads I’d never traveled. It struck me that The Road Not Taken might be an apt description for not only my summer travels, but the journey I’ve been on.
I believe there are a number of areas that the TTC (or, as stated, other transit authorities) could fix towards having a better rider experience and superior consumer engagement. In the first four posts there were ideas on signage and wayfinding, of expanding the colour-code system and of totally utilizing myriad digital delivery methods.
And on the back porch, the purslane which lives in a protected spot, continues putting out these pretty little blooms.
French’s Save $.75/1 Honey Mustard or Honey Mustard dipping sauce (5/31)
Album: 21
Bring to the boil and turn it down to a simmer.
Dr.Stephen Carty a Scottish GP was quoted as saying ” All doctors are duty bound by the GMC to report any system or process that may be harmful to patients. The WCA is a harmful process.Scottish GPs have spoken, the GMC cannot remain silent on this matter any longer”
Sánchez DJ, Domingo JL, et al. Maternal and developmental toxicity of manganese in the mouse. Tox Lett 1993; 69: 45-52.
So, because I’m an awesome and supportive wife, let’s have a look at some of the things that scare my husband.
We were making fun and affordable Valentine crafts, and it was just a blast. Especially the outtakes at the end :).
After speaking to several of my classmates over the past couple of months, I started to realize that I had found myself in a rather odd industry where there are other people just like me. We spend more time goggling over old Disney movies and thinking like children more than anyone else I know.
GINGRICH: …compare my investments with his is like comparing a tiny mouse with a giant elephant. The fact — the fact is…
Because I'm nosiy and wunt to know. ;)
With its paths long and winding.
South Africa. Okah also plans to call over 100 witnesses in
I wouldn’t hold anything much less my breath, so why would you?
Starting in the late 1600s & throughout the 1700s significant numbers of the poorer proto Afrikaans speaking members of the Cape began to trek out of the Western Cape & inland becoming pastoralists in an attempt at escaping the autocratic rule of the VOC & to find better grazing land. The term Trekboer was used to describe these nomadic frontier folk as they were essentially migrating or trekking farmers who began occupying the northern & eastern Cape frontiers & were already quite distinct from the urbane inhabitants of the Western Cape who were often referred to as the Cape Dutch. Over time the term Trekboer was shortened to Boer to describe the frontier folk who were markedly independence oriented & would later have their first freedom struggle against the Dutch power in 1795.
Perhaps because I neglected to take any photos aside from this little fellow the blog post didn't stay on the radar, and by the time I photographed even some of the goodies I brought back it already seemed like a dream.
Now we’re in Miami. Jinx is at the grocery store and James shows up just in time for her to slap him. Go Jinx! He’s here to say his final goodbye, apologizing for leaving, but thanking Jinx for all the good she did raising their daughters. But Jinx isn’t wooed by James’ words and he soon leaves. Jinx calls Mary to tell her what happened just after Mary’s been told she isn’t allowed to work on this case anymore. So James got away and continues to be on the run.
If you are curious as to what I have been up to this week for my website, Someplace In Thyme, just visit my business blog Someplace In Thyme2.
Parallel structure, please. Yes, even normal people maintain parallel structure when talking casually. It just feels more natural that way.
I’ve been a bit negligent lately, not backing up my files as often as I should. If there’s one thing about a scare…it serves as a timely reminder, so everything is in order again although we are still awaiting the verdict on Rod’s laptop.
their guns on their shoulders!
everything there was to know;
My office is an add-on to the house. It has lots of light, a small wooden desk, and a bunch of bookshelves lining the walls. It usually has a couple dogs and at least three cats in it at any given time. ;-)
13Steps were formed in CheongJoo City 9 years ago.
I adore how you love Thijson
in a large bowl.
She was right, though. It is “If a body meet a body coming through the rye.” I didn’t know it then, though.
He will do what needs to be done to form a relationship with you; and honestly if he’s that confused do you want a relationship with him anyway? Letting go of a confused man within the first few months of dating is much easier than being left by a confused man after a few years of dating.
MW: That’s because there was no benefit, and I know that there’s nothing in the report that shows it. One United Bank did not get any immediate help from the Treasury. The Bank then went to the private market and got $20 million in loans to help them stabilize their lending. The bank’s investors did not lose anything. The way I see it the committee took bits from conversation and information between staff members about the economic crisis and the Treasury’s role in it and then pieced them together to try to make something out of it. And it’s not fair.
And finally, have a look at these great links for inspiration and information.
The closest I have is a book that I’ve never been able to finish, and I don’t know that I ever will. And this is saying something! I’m one of those vaguely insane people who needs to finish a book once they’ve started it, even if they’re not enjoying it. I believe that every book has something worth saying for itself, and the least I can do is give it (and the author) a decent chance. The result of this is that I have finished almost every single book that I have started. Most of those I haven’t finished (and there aren’t many!) I have forgotten. But this book I have always remembered, because I was so disappointed not to be able to finish it.
So, do you know God's amazing grace for yourself? If not, why not? Will you not only accept the gift of His Son but unwrap it and live fully for Him? If you do know His amazing grace, how about your family members and friends? How might God have you share the gift with them this year? And how are you extending grace to others through kind gestures, forgiveness, a pleasant surprise, a smile and loving words when least expected, etc.? How can you bless someone this week by extending God's grace to them? God meets us where we are, and He wants us to meet others where they are with compassion. Pray about ways you can do that.
Tweeddale was also plagued by debt throughout the Restoration period and in 1686 he was forced to sell off all of his Peeblesshire estates to satisfy creditors. At the Revolution in late 1688, Tweeddale completed another political volte-face and backed William of Orange against James VII. He also restored his family’s fortunes. In December 1694 he was elevated 1st Marquis of Tweeddale and made 1st earl of Gifford by William II & III. On his death in 1697, his son was able to commission the fashionable Scottish architect, James Smith, to build a new residence, Yester House, at the family’s seat at Gifford in East Lothian.
The t-shirts have a 90% smaller carbon footprint than an average cotton t-shirt and represent how fashion can be part of the solution to climate change. They are organic, ethically-made and manufactured by renewable green energy.
Me: yeah, but I don’t want him jumping into a pot of gold by himself.
What’s everyone’s favorite car singing songs? I personally am a fan of Somebody I Used to Know by Gotye (so many opportunities to harmonize and add stuff) and Take Care by Drake and Rihanna right now but that’s subject to change. Anyone else break out the car dancing? I’d love to hear what you all do!
The only info I was given for my chosen category, 'Domestic', was a choice of the following:
So here's what I was going for...a generic impressionist painting from Monet. I'd bid on one on ebay to rip off a page of the calendar and frame it for our 'An intersection of Art and Commerce' project. Instead what arrived was a day planner calendar with photos of the garden where Monet painted? Literally pages and pages of photos of a garden...and a picture of a greenhouse covered in plastic. Ridiculous. It's funny how you can put that name on anything though. I guess we could have a calendar that said: 'Picasso, we're not that guy.'
So I look for what we can make a part of our home life. I look for what we can make a part of our family experience. I look for what doesn't leave us exhausted and frazzled. I look for what can be made to work over a wide stretch of ages, so my children can all participate together rather than going off to separate activities.
When you realise the importance this has in terms of response to palatability of bait, flavour levels and fish sensitivity differences it is only a matter of experimentation before you discover most fish can be caught on certain baits while some will still remain uncaught often for many seasons. Due to genetic diversity and of course individual fish genetics that can alter through the life of a fish and exposure to all kinds of outside and internal influences and experiences individual fish can act even more uniquely in a carp water containing fish from one year class or from different origins.
Next came fragile sheets of Starch and Sugar Crystal, artfully painted with Pepper Praline and blobs of Spider Crab mousse. The savoury/sweet combination and crisp snap of sugar was a real delight. As the last shards melted on my tongue it started drizzling so we quickly downed our wine and dashed inside for the remainder of our courses.
Reason: “I couldn’t know it had been which essential.Inch
Still live in my heart all a-lone.
Myra is another matter. SHe's eternally calculating, and the consummate grifter. Her every waking moment is a con, from paying her rent to having a boyfriend. Given what we see of her, we can assume that before she knows that Roy is a con man, she's already working him for something. Her delight at seeing Roy con the sailor's is beautiful, as if she's finally found the perfect way to "take" him. Myra is a specialist, using her body as her tool. Her easy exhibitionism tells her story. She doesn't even bother with seduction or lingerie, just presenting her whole body as if she's impossible to turn away. It's possible that she really wants to partner up with Roy, as the long con she describes would require a male partner, yet when she tells Roy he needs to come up with $20,000.00 for his end, it seems more likely that Roy is just a short con on the way to the long one. We can believe that she misses the long con, but how she reenters the lifestyle is not likely something she shares with Roy but even if they had become partners, Roy's fears about being conned himself are well justified, as Mintz pointed out, "But, to take another pro, even your partner, who knows you, and has his eye on you, that's a score, no matter what happens." She has no knowledge of Mintz's advice to Roy, and assumes that Lilly is responsible for thwarting her. This shows us the hard nature of a "successful" grifter, as she casually puts Lilly's life in danger, both to punish her, and hoping to take her money. It's not her fault that she underestimates Lilly, who is capable of anything at all. Annette Benning is extraordinry in a unique role. Her Myra is calculating deranged and alluring and convincing as a cold blooded schemer who's practiced at seeming warm.
Let us not beat around the bush about it, the new album from South Wales band Kyshera is simply exceptional, a kaleidoscope and maelstrom of ideas, invention and intrusive imagination that provokes as strongly as it thrills. Made in China leaves one on a lofty high whilst deep in thought with its startling and captivating sounds, challenging intent, and unique ingenuity.
Bah-humbug, huh?
Men who have had relationships only with Thai women in Bangkok may think such traditions disappeared generations ago. But most of Thailand’s population is still located in the countryside not far from a ricefield and these traditions remains.
1. I don’t want/need to discuss my refrigerator’s weight issues, and frankly think George would be rather angry that I am discussing these issues publicly.
I win very few accolades, so I am clinging to this one like a manic crab.
On the Saturday, we went to visit his sister who was doing The Moonwalk that night, on a 'wishing Good Luck' mission, to find that she was cooking a curry dish (King Prawns in a medium curry sauce), to take to the lane behind her house. Theres a wonderful little community spirit, alive and well, in their small corner of the world, and around 12 houses of neighbours get together a few times a year to do a 'bring and share' event. Four long tables were set out, and residents brought a curry dish, a chair, and a plate and cutlery.
Even half-wit I mentioned before probably figured these ones out. I can’t even imagine what an actual conversation with one of these people would be like.
The problem in defense is how far you can go without destroying from within what you are trying to defend from without. ~Dwight D. Eisenhower
Toepfer's academic philanthropy paid handsome dividends over the years. Both British and German scholars have been reluctant to admit the full force of Toepfer's National Socialist past. Yet it was precisely during the Nazi regime that Toepfer began funding academic awards to European foreign students with much help coming from the infamous Joachim von Ribbentrop (1893-1946), Hitler's foreign minister.
Bacarri Rambo is playing the part of Josh Nesbitt as the scout team prepares the defense for the Georgia Tech triple option. He’s a natural for the role, as he spent four years in high school running the same kind of offense as Tech’s. And he knows what the key to the game for the defense is:
Well for two slippery slope arguments that legal scholars have always found very convincing. (Probably because history is filled with examples of when these slippery slopes did result in worse case scenarios).
"You always look like your ready to cut someone's throat when you pull that thing out," one of the waitress at the restaurant I once cooked at remarked once whilst she was watching me break down boxes with my knife at the time. Some almost fifteen years later, another lifetime away, the sempi made a similar observation as I broke down boxes with my present knife.
Such was their involvement with metal music, between 1984 and 1990 or so. They took the basic formula of Heavy Metal and made it faster (speed metal), made it punkier (thrash metal) made it more shocking and weird (death metal) and they even tried to make it modernist (progressive metal). And then they were bored and done with it, they moved on to reinventing and augmenting different musics. Only very recently have they returned to savage the corpse of past inspirations again, I guess we must be running out of 'new' things to make 'newer'.
I went to buy some strong hangers for some of my other canvases a while ago and when the shop man showed me these I got all excited and demanded to see every model that had ever been made. I thought they would make great little portrait frames! (So another shopkeeper that thinks I'm mad! Just recently, the girl in the wool shop asked me what on earth I was knitting as I keep buying random buttons). Anyway, I separately inked and stamped each man onto a painted book page and stuck him into his frame that I'd coloured with Alcohol inks.
1. Write first. What relief I would have felt, had I given myself an hour, even, to get that one scene down before trying to work on other things.
"Jack, I look like a princess...see my sparkly dress? You look like a prince...see we are a princess and a prince...now stand by me and smile."
There's more, MORE, about Rome, but I'm going to stop now because this is getting weird. Suffice it to say, if I hadn't gone to meet my sister in Rome, I would have regretted it forevermore. It was sisterly bonding in a beautiful city, a trip full of adventure and comedy and Italian Wine Guy. It was like a movie -- a really, really long four-day movie. (If it does get turned into a movie, James Franco should play the part of that horny angel.)
It feels good to know that not all of my heart is grown-up and toughened. I turned and smiled at some cherry buds, a shy pink in colour. I love Spring.
I spent an hour this morning categorizing all the transactions and revising the budget.
Reading: Jesus answered, “Amen, amen, I say to you, no one can enter the kingdom of God without being born of water and Spirit.What is born of flesh is flesh and what is born of spirit is spirit.Do not be amazed that I told you, ‘You must be born from above.’ The wind* blows where it wills, and you can hear the sound it makes, but you do not know where it comes from or where it goes; so it is with everyone who is born of the Spirit.” (John 3:5-8)
So that's it. I'm proud of my brave little boy. And I bet he doesn't even remember it. Glad it's finally done!
Our polical stage now is centered with hatred and grudges, accuses and lies, drama and tragedy rather than collaborations and positive actions towards the Rakyat’s good. You as government’s representive should not in any way show your support towards the opponent, and so do to the Opposition should not even show a smile to the opponent. Okay sorry, I am a bit exaggerting. But seriously, without considering our own good, these two components will never find solution for the betterment of the country. Like two pigs meet in a big swamp, who wants to be the PM?
I’ve already decided I’d like to run another half marathon again. Now that I proved that I really can run 13.1 miles, I want to do it again, and again. I loved the weekly challenges I posed to myself with every long training run, and I really loved the feeling of seeing that finish line come up. I want to experience that again. Unfortunately, my life won’t allow for more distance training this year–all the half marathons I’m interested in this fall are in October, and I can’t afford the training time with wedding preparations. So I’m already looking at Spring 2013, and possibly doing two (maybe the Carmel Half Marathon and the Kentucky Derby Festival Mini Marathon again?).
Cousin: Can believe you have been married that long?!?
Model: 15403
I have lived to behold man burst forth and warlike America rise,
But all those island mysteries were still there. Some audience members have said that by not explaining the deepest mysteries of their show, the writers of Lost took the path of least resistance and performed one long con on millions of viewers. Others realize that since they wrote mysteries so deep, the writers rendered explanations irrelevant – asking “What is the island?!” became equivalent to asking “What is The Force?” in relation to Star Wars (i.e. something you just don’t do).
The old Apple G4 mirror door Dual Core 1 gig was getting tired after running nearly 24/7 for 7 or 8 years. A faithful machine, but as many know the software tends to outstrip the hardware before too long.
Q: Why do you enjoy marching in the Mermaid Parade?
Yes, that's my post title. I suppose I'll break it down for you.
you find yourself in such a situation, you should not be need conscious
The London Cyber conference is on this week and will be discussing the social benefits of the internet. I'm in a ranty mood though so other than list some of the benefits (creation of great online communities, people from all over the world being able to communicate and share their interests, wonderful blogs such as this one and access to lots of free helpful advice, as well as all the convenience of booking things online and being able to use the paper phone directory to plug a leak and use its online version on a day to day basis) I'm going to rant about the negatives of the internet. Because although I would never go back to how things were before (can anyone really imagine a world without 24/7 access to pictures of Johnny Depp and sleb gossip both true and malicious?) the internet has created its own set of problems.
How did you come up with the title?
Frozen pizza. As much as I love making my own pizza dough, frozen pizza is simple and good. I've had all brands and I love them all- even generic. Most of the time, I buy a plain cheese frozen pizza and top it with fresh veggies and turkey pepperoni. It makes me feel less guilty.
So, Google advanced image search has failed me. I know there are other tools, but I am very stubborn. So stubborn, in fact, that I created my own quadcopter image and set the license to 'Free to Use, Even Commercially", so it can be found instead of the list of bugfixers.
This may seem a lot of information about a minor event but I came out and cried. I felt like a mug for paying such a huge amount of money for two little pots of powder (which taste disgusting), I felt disappointed that this 'amazing' man made me feel like an inconvenience, and I felt gutted that I couldn't afford to see this 'amazing' man any longer.
For this creation I also used the Bo Bunny Paper Sweet Tooth, EEEK I adore these colors and this whole paper pack is so pretty!!! If you would like this paper, come get it, very limited quantities available!!
The stamps come from Party this Way and Funky Four - the wings of the owl are made using the Boho Blossoms punch and the leaves made using the Little Leaves die.
away from the blood and the broken headlights.
71. The Ditchflowers-Birds Eye (Sunshine Drenchy)
The story has holes, however, and loses momentum. The story skips the entire war though it was interesting to read about the changes to China as the communists took control after the war. The character development also seems flawed. Feng, who appears to mature and grow and overcome her abuse, never seems to see the good in the people around her and reacts with selfishness. Her personal redemption comes so late and I was, frankly, disappointed by the ending.
Peter Davies, elected as Mayor of Doncaster in June 2009.
after being convicted on spy charges. I’ve been reaching out to both
Her face scrunched up. "Still the one with the pee baby?" I'd read a passage to her during last week's coffee date -- a most stunning description of a baby covered in her own urine: "a little white sardine still fragrant with briny pee."
It starts out with a young woman in a burnt-out grocery store, picking through the ruins for whatever may be left to scrounge. She has some reason to believe that it’s worth trying. She’s cold and desperate mostly. And she does find a couple things. For her baby. Which it turns out, is hidden inside her greatcoat. Jeannie and Sophie. Sophie’s the baby.
The photo above was taken after I pruned the plants back. I took 2 totes of leaves out of the greenhouse! The vining tomatoes I chopped half of the bottom 2 or 3 leaves off and I did a lot of thinning in my bush varieties - airflow and light into the middle is my goal....Can you see a difference between the photo above and the first photo of the post?
Some years back the slow, steady BBC Peel Session catalog release schedule came to an end. I don't know why; while most obvious sessions have been released either via the band themselves or via Strange Fruit, the ultimate roundup leaves a huge chunk of the BBC archives untouched.
7-8 Wake up, cuddle, undress, go potty, get dressed (Mark),
This isn’t a phenomenon limited to a handful of very rich people, either.
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there.
Tests- 67, Wickets- 307, Avg- 21.57, 5W- 17, Best- 8/31
It is a lonely and difficult journey, but one that is well worth taking despite the small odds of actually reaching the end destination. And even though you may never reach Maslow‘s summit, if you are determined and keep your eye on the prize, you will at the very least reach a higher plain and be closer than you could have imagined to becoming the person you were meant to be.
Have you ever seen this phenomenon? Those heros were in Scotland – you’ll have to read Jules Verne to find out why they were there.
In another bowl, stir together sour cream or yogurt, the 1/2 cup sugar, milk and egg. Add these to the flour mixture and stir all until the mixture is just combined.
- 12/11/1941: sank the freighter SS Lahaina: 4 crewmembers were killed
After work my husband came to pick me up so that we could go to this special Weight Watchers meeting together. I had packed my goal dress and was going to change after I weighed in.
When Nicole logged on that night, Andrew was waiting for her.
I'm excited to be working with my original Matilda Jane Trunk Keeper who has become a trusted friend of mine and elated to have found something where I am able to stay home with my daughter during the day and run a business in the evenings and weekends. I am looking forward to all the wonderful new people I am going to meet and the new experiences ahead of me - I feel very blessed with this opportunity. I hope you join me on this journey - I would love to make you a happy Jane with those awesome benefits!
* Assistant Shop Manager (with extensive cnc experience )
"Poohie-Whoohie"
you promised to call,
Day 019 – August 10, 2011
Beer can evaporate rather quickly depending on how much heat you use. I think it cooks off quicker than wine. But then again it depends on the cooking temperature. If you are cooking a brisket slow and low it doesn’t burn off nearly as fast as if you’re boiling up a mess of bratwurst.
Grateful that they were still here for me to bitch about – though I would probably be doing a lot less of that from here on out.
When Playing It Safe is Smart
Brian Gilroy, a Georgian Bay area apple grower who is chairman of the Ontario Apple Growers, said the loss to fruit growers and the economy will easily be more than $100 million. On top of the lost yield or no crop at all, orchard workers and spinoff industries such as juice, packing, storage and farm supplies will be affected.
I can actually cook a few Mexican dishes .... my enchiladas are delectable and my salsa is excelente!!
Crowd: Yarr.
I have had over 40 images accepted in exhibitions this year, but I have never won an award, as these are reserved for the best of the accepted images. Amazingly in the colour print section all 4 of my prints were accepted, with 3 of them gaining awards including 1 medal with that image gaining the maximum score of 15 with each judge scoring it 5.
This was a recipe that was in my Weight Watchers Weekly magazine...It was really good, not just for me, but the hubby and kids :) However, I think the peas kind of over powered the taste. Next time, peas on the side, not in the dish. It is worth 8 pts per serving.
me- they're horrible. this is horrible. this is worse than the jon-ass brothers. there's not even a cute one.
In terms of the relationship, it differs from client to client. Most people who ask for an editorial assessment of their work come back to me when it is revised to check they have done it properly. Still others ask for advice in getting an agent via the ARS, and then in managing multiple-interest from agents and publishers. I keep my Smart Quill work very separate from my day job, which is important for clarity. I work at the beginning of the writing process whereas as an editor I will work at the end. But the quality of editing I give Smart Quill clients is exactly the same as that I give to published authors.
After eleven long years, Geoff Barrow and company finally released their third excursion into the depths of trip-hop. Bearing influences as diverse as Edith Piaf and Silver Apples, the album (simply titled Third) did its best to make sense of an electronic landscape that had been transformed by the likes of DJ Shadow and Radiohead. Its crackling industrial moments bore little similarity to the lethargic Portishead of old, but the band's trademark gloomy romanticism (courtesy of lyricist/siren Beth Gibbons) remained prominent. Portishead's return to the fray may have met some expectations while dashing others, but after such a long absence, a completely satisfactory product might well have been impossible. When all was said and done, it was nice just to have them back.
We will be having exclusive sponsors so hop on over to our new challenge home and join in all the
‘Yes, I know, but he’s all right now isn’t he?’
Some great times was to be had throughout the weekend as we caught up with some old friends and met some new ones. If the TNA wrestlers were on a grading system for their treatment of the fans I would have to give them an impressive A+. Some could complain that the lines took a lot of time to get through but one of the big reasons was the wrestlers were so friendly and took the time to meet the fans. Making the experience that much more enjoyable.
20. Caffeine accelerates age-related deterioration.
I marvel at Rembrandt's ability to capture the tenderness in the eyes of his subjects. Though his painting style evolved in the intervening twenty or so years, these portraits convey the trust his sitters have in him as he portrays not just their image, but also their spirit.
Except this is no oversight - that use of the word 'inappropriate' shows that this is a deliberate, calculated snub. It would not be 'appropriate' to have beer served in the Queen's presence. The very presence of beer - any beer - would be offensive to her royal sensibility.
You can find Products in easy-to-spray bottle containers. It is important to look for high potential products. While there are many products intended to kill pests, not all of them are truly that effective. Cockroaches and rats, especially, are a microscopic tricky to kill.
Only a quarter of the original community came back to live at Putfontein, which had excellent irrigation and boreholes. Now nothing is happening at Putfontein, just subsistence farming and squatting. Some parts of the farm are being hired out to white farmers because the claimants cannot farm. They steal from their neighbours – cattle and grain - which they sell because they cannot make a living on the farm.. There is no electricity, no fencing, and the boreholes are not working. The original Putfontein farm was highly successful, cultivating mealies and peanuts. There was an excellent beef herd with a dairy, plus successful sheep farming. One of the farmers said he spent a lifetime and thousands of rands nourishing the soil on his farm, On his particular 372 ha farm (there were seven farms on the original Putfontein), only six people are now living. The rest stayed in their old homes.
“The maker was Optus or, in the alternative, it was Optus and the subscriber. It is unnecessary for present purposes to express a definitive view as between the two. Optus could be said to be the maker in that the service it offered to, and did, supply a subscriber was to make and to make available to that person a recording of the football match he or she selected.”
*roasted eggplant (I roast about 1/2 and eggplant drizzled with EVOO in the oven until tender and then add it to the blender)
Three blueberries from my garden.
I am Herradura Tequila fan first and foremost with Partida & Fortaleza being a close second.
And, when we came along the main street, the lights of all the windows of the Churches and the Synagogue were lighted up and we went into Church: The Crowds filled the whole Church! Out the front door, down the street… great crowds!
been one of the highlights of my life and has brought me so very close to
I hope you'll give this technique a try. I can't wait to see what you come up with!!!
It's no surprise that the pub is such a popular spot with filmmakers seeking to recreate a period feel. The décor doesn’t appear to have changed a bit since 1900....if it wasn't for some hand-written signs advertising modern drinking concoctions such as Jagerbombs and that it has a giant video screen showing the live darts on satellite telly then it was exactly the sort of pub my late grandad would have frequented when he was a young man. And the prices were also of a bygone age - £1.40 a vodka, £2 a double vodka and £1.99 for any pint.
Special thanks go to the developers from mingw-w64 this time, because without their work, this release simply wouldn’t contain 64 bit binaries and Patrick von Reth who worked on the 64 bit support on the KDE side, and who just made this release happen.
My husband is especially excited about her school this year because one of the Dallas Cowboy's player's sons is in her class this year. Let's just say Heath will definitely not be missing any school functions this year, not that he would any way. He's an amazing daddy!
I exercise 6 days a week and get at least 7 workouts in a week. I don’t love the workouts, I’ll just be honest, but I do them, I get them in and then they are done for the day. I do like the Zumba workouts though. They are fun! I also run now. I started exercising in May of last year just walking on the treadmill or elliptical every day for 10 or 15 mins. Then worked up from there. In August of 2011 I started the Couch to 5K running program and though I’ve been working this 9 week program for 7 months now, I’m up to a 21 min run. That, my friends, is simply amazing.
PROS
Others, though, felt the sit-in was inappropriate as Nienstedt is a prominent figure in the Catholic community and should be respected for his teaching of the Catholic beliefs.
My mother was referred to the provincial hospital in Bethlehem to have biopsies done on lumps found in her breasts in order to determine whether it is cancerous or benign. As an old Afrikaner lady, she was treated with the utmost immoral staff members at the hospital. Upon arriving, she went to admissions. She explained to the officials her reason for being there and presented he reference letter from the specialist. The official diminutively asked my mother: “What must I do with this?”, upon which she then responded that she unfortunately did not know as she was told to present this letter when signing into the hospital. With an intense dreadful attitude, she was referred to casualties in a derogative manner. When arriving at casualties, the queue was extremely long and no white person in sight amongst the multiple patients. Eventually, after a few hours, when attention was given to her, she was told that she did not belong there and should return to the admissions office. She returned to the office and remained there for yet a long period. As it was here turn to be admitted, the official on duty blatantly turned her back on my mother and just walked away without any indication whether she would return or not. My mother stood for several minutes after which the frowned-faced-official returned and started attending to other people out of the queue even though my mother was first in line. The total lack of respect, and mocking “entertainment” of these officials with a hate glare in their eyes got the better of my unfortunate mother, and she had no alternative but to leave the hospital without receiving the medical care as stated in our constitution. My mother potentially has a life-threatening disease, and she was “forced” to leave the hospital by a method of derogative mannerisms by people who are suppose to provide loving and tender care to the sick.
Of that era, what about "Valmead", there's a lot of people that might call that one of your band's best songs?
FAVORITE QUOTE: " I'll give you some good advice, be selfish, be greedy and trust no one."
I am working hard on thinking up fun things to introduce over the next few weeks, that will link to the Jubilee, but in a way that toddlers will understand and enjoy. I would love to hear of any ideas you have had or blog posts you have written on the subject. Please feel free to post a link in the comment box below and we can all share our Jubilee ideas!
If you have a toddler with a chalk in hand, that may become a different
Here are the three posts for the simple flannel/fleece baby quilt that I made for Timber.
I am not ready to "kill" Santa Claus for my kids, but I like the idea of educating them about the original St Nikolaus. I only have one Santa decoration and it reminds me of our days in Germany so I am not going to put it away.
A 22-year-old is back in the High Court today in a bid to stop six national newspapers from naming him over a video he claims defames him.
I wrote a little about rhythm in horror a while ago, which is a big one, and Hart Johnson made a great observation in the comments about The Shining and "red rum." It reminded me of another great storytelling tool: repetition. One of my creepiest childhood horror stories was about a young girl lying in bed while a disembodied voice comes closer and closer. "Mary, I am coming up the stairs. Mary, I am on the first step. Mary, I am on the second step." Good, creepy repetition works the best when the repeated line ramps up the tension.
"They're not meaning to be experts on sexuality, they're not meaning to be experts on orientation, but they are providing pastoral ministry to parents and students at a very difficult time in someone's life as they come to terms and come to the freedom of their orientation," Hightower said.
Penguins
Is war, or the use of military intervention, ever justified in the pursuit of peace? How do we engage in concrete practices that prevent violent conflict? How is real security achieved? And what implications do our answers have for the life and witness of the church?
I stayed awake, waiting for him to wake up, then asked him to drive me home. I wanted nothing to do with Long Island, not ever again.
Vermont History Expo ~ Tunbridge Fairgrounds, Tunbridge, VT ~ June 16-17
Official time was 1hr 25mins 27seconds. 23,747th place, not bad for a round man with only 6 months “training”.
Now, I'm not one to be negative, as most people know, but I was truly upset about this, and I think sometimes its important to recognize when negative thoughts creep up. It's important to let yourself feel down sometimes, because if you didn't, you'd go crazy. For me, once I'm able to be honest with myself about what I'm feeling, I'm able to learn something from it and turn it into a positive, or at least make it something that isn't going to ruin my day.
Khavu is 14 years old and has passed her Selenoren this year. During the summer there was the yearly Rising Festival where she completed the third Selenor and became adult in the eyes of the clan. Her clan is Soli, same as Khuure’s was.
This tutorial is for my everyday eye make-up style. As a classic lolita, I try to acheive a look that is natural but still doll-like, emphasising big eyes. I use black winged eyeliner, neutral eyeshadow and occasionally half lashes. Mine are from Daiso- cheap but effective!
Solution: The previous management foolishly shut down profitable factories and branches. We need to reverse that by investing in new factories, new markets, and hire the necessary employees. We’ll print some money to cover the start-up costs, but are confident that the ROI will begin to be realized early, and will eventually be significant.
Australian sapphires are very beautiful and amazing. The market is full of Australian sapphires because of their quality. The mines of Australia have produced large, high quality yellow sapphires. It also produces pink and orange sapphires. The best quality sapphires are mined in central Queensland, Australia.
Make dressing by combining yolks, lemon juice, anchovies, garlic & mustard.
a wing bone.
between my ears
Green Art Project – Zara Gallery July4, 2011
One of my favorite things... Time to stitch and how I have missed this over recent weeks. I have not had much spare time at all to work on my projects consistently.
A similar order last July galvanised a larger turnout in the capital city, with organisers saying nearly 50,000 gathered to walk past roadblocks and policemen who shut down the city. But police said only 6,000 took part in the rally and nearly 1,700 were arrested.
As I said earlier, Banal desperately attempts to install the Triangle at the All-Filipino yet he failed. With no significant line-up changes, the team then employs a run and gun approach at the middle of the season, producing better results.
ME - Yeah, that's my big bugbear issue about the name 'IPA' at the moment, it's lost all meaning with so many different ales laying claim to it.
Kessler concluded:
The Great Eastern Energy difference-
- L'Oreal Color Riche lip (including balm): CAD6.99
The day came when Bob drove to Chicago to celebrate the grand opening of Johnson’s dream. Late that evening, Bob returned, filled with rage, confusion, dismay, disappointment and a little sorrow.
please email Debbie at mdjsburns@aol.com.
So take your 12x12 cardstock and make a pencil mark at 6” right across the paper dividing it in half. You will erase this mark later. This is the only tricky part. You are making a triangle where all the sides measure 6” out of the paper so take a ruler and start in one corner, angle the ruler against the middle line to put the 6” mark is on the line and the end of the ruler on the corner. Draw a line. Do the same thing from the opposite corner and you should have a perfect 6” sided triangle. I hope you understand how I made this, if not ask and I’ll try to make it clearer.
I read Ann Evans' post yesterday with great interest, and - all right, I admit it, just a tiny little bit of envy. She seems to have so many ideas that she turns into stories. At the end, she asked what was the oddest object/place/thing to have inspired her readers so far. Hm, I thought, trying to remember even one. Could be struggling here.
The Fox story starts with Kid Flash and Barry Allen visiting the offices of Dr McNider (aka Dr Midnight), an Earth-Two physician. The doc is pleased to see the Earth-One heroes, but he wonders why Barry's not in his uniform. It turns out that the Flash is no more, because he feels underappreciated:
I made my own pasta since I hadn't tested out my "gently used" pasta maker a friend gave to me.
Our sponsor for this weeks challenge is
And I’m glad that Marco Rubio called you out on it. I’m glad you withdrew it. I think you should apologize for it, and I think you should recognize that having differences of opinions on issues does not justify labeling people with highly charged epithets.
The course goes up a long incline from that corner and even though I've run it plenty of times before, I'd never run it after running 6+ miles. It was rough. I distracted myself by eating my Shot Bloks and I was thankful for the water station at the top where I slowed down to drink some water. I'd been worried that the water stations would be too far apart but they were perfectly spaced.
At the school, the school contest is approaching. Alvin gets a phone call from Brittany, saying that she and her sisters have been imprisoned in a cage. Alvin races to save them on his motorbike while Simon tells Jeanette how to open the cage on the phone. The Chipettes unlock the cage lid with Simon's help before Ian reaches them and manage to escape with Alvin on his bike. On the bike, Brittany apologizes to Alvin for not believing him about Ian.
Once again it has been a busy and yet productive weekend, Andy and Jordi attended an executive meeting for the UCU on Saturday and gave some up dates with the campaign followed by some much appreciated applause. The members did a whip around seeing us raise a nice little donation for campaign materials; it is always nice to see committed individuals.
“I was alive during the New Testament. As a young woman, an angel appeared to me and told me that I would have a very special baby. I humbly said that I was willing to do whatever was asked of me. Who am I?” (Mary) “Once Within a Lowly Stable” -41
Speed did not equate to comfort. Roads were rough and the coaches ran in all weathers, making travel unpleasant, especially for those riding outside. Passengers often had to disembark to lighten the load when the vehicle went up a steep hill. On the plus side, mail coach travel was safer than on private stagecoaches. The guard defended the mail with a blunderbuss and two pistols. As a result, mail coaches suffered fewer highwaymen attacks than private stagecoaches, although some did occur.
Director : Ian Coughlan
The red one submissions and feedback from critique group.
You can count them on two hands. Maybe you’d have to count with your toes. There aren’t many, but they’re out there. Some singers and musicians have the knack for taking an old sound and making it entirely their own. They don’t sound derivative. They don’t sound like a cover or tribute artist. They’re not blatant ripoffs. At the same time, they sound entirely familiar. Part of their appeal is that they have captured the best of what came before them.
#58. beers with a best friend
The cost of defense was a major factor in the demise of many empires.
I really liked the amnesia part of the story. I loved how his whole attitude a full one eighty and makes his family confused and praying that he doesn’t change back. I liked it because I kinda assumed that amnesia blocks your memory not changes your attitude but it makes sense how that would happen. Courtney’s amnesia changes not only his life but the lives of those around them, for the better.
Yes, The ice cream man of Kensington.
EXTRA TIP Did you know that baby carrots we buy in the grocery store aren't 'young' carrots or even 'small' carrots at all? Instead, they are commercial carrots that start with huge carrots that are ground into the bullet-shaped carrots credited with increasing carrot consumption by manyfold in the last decade or so. Like many, I like them for snacking. But when it comes to cooking carrots, choose whole carrots. The trimming and peeling process will take a few minutes but for real carrot flavor, there's no comparison.
Their frustration will never end.
We do karma for krishna and not with kama-sankalpa.
Here’s one of my favourite songs by Loke, and yes, it’s in swedish.
1 fillet of smoked mackerel
George is an absolutely horrible person. I hated him from the get go and, as I read, hungrily awaited his demise—he is the epitome of evil. I don’t care if he is a little bit psycho, or if his mother made him this way—EVIL. Every time he was mentioned in the book, my skin crawled; I hate him! Of course, he’s a key part of the novel and he’s constantly at the forefront of the story, so I spent a lot of time really angry while I read. It amazes me that McDonald was able to evoke such strong, passionate feelings of abhorrence from me over a fictional character, but it is a testament of McDonald’s writing ability!
If you think that was strange, how about this mash-up:
The cazadores didn’t know that they will be the last Spaniards ever to surrender in the islands. These guys believed the war was still on and so they stubbornly held their ground until an old newspaper finally convinced the last Spanish captain that the sun has finally set on the Spanish Empire. Most Cazadores were from poor families, drafted to fight a war no one else didn’t want to wage. Their courage and gallantry became legendary back in their homeland. An old Spanish film directed by Antonio Román called “Las Ultimos Filipinos” was based on a radio drama script and two novels, “El Fuerte de Baler” and “Los Héroes de Baler”. Recently, a Filipino movie was created with the siege as the background of the love story. There was no Filipino in the unit, Rosales’ character was not based on any of the soldiers.
1/8 t freshly ground black pepper
I’m Truckertucker, that’s my opinion, it ought to be yours!
Not only will this be a great time to learn a lot about dealing with eating disorders, but it will be like a (dare I say it?)…VACATION! We’ll attend treatment from 9am-4pm, and then be free to do as we please.
And, just as a side note, I have over 50 followers now! Yay! I feel like Sheldon on the Big Bang Theory where he was more excited that he had 100 followers on twitter than that his girlfriend got an article on the cover of an important magazine. Thank you guys so much for being a part of this
This is a result of reality, ingrained into our genetics, despite our best efforts to scrub it out in recent years.
Roar boys, roar. It’s what Jesus would do.
Herein lies the problems of digital distribution not just in gaming but across various mediums. Today they charge you for the ending of a game, tomorrow they’ll be charging you for the bullets in Modern Warfare 3.
I hate phones. It’s hard for me to talk if I can’t use my hands. Even back when real people answered, I preferred to go into a business and discuss my problem with another face. Now, even if I go in with a bill in my hand, they point me to a phone on the wall and tell me the extension to dial. I long to be two years old, so I can drop to the floor and throw a temper tantrum.
Today Amanda has three sons of her own and made me the most grateful Nana ever!
We were supposed to start on Friday with a new kit, but we decided to launch it on Monday. I hope you'll join us so we can have fun together - and we promise, fun will be plentiful here.
Not strictly from Hollywood, but nevertheless from one of the most amusing films of recent years is the delightful Genevieve, from the British comedy of the same title. The music, written by William Engvick and Larry Adler, provides not only a charming theme but points up the situations in the film throughout. Music as a commentary has been especially notable in British movies, where it is frequently used to give special significance to story movement. Here, however, Percy Faith presents only the theme, a melody of immediate and lasting appeal.
I read recently a quote saying that philosophy shows what's possible and science shows what's true. I don't understand most recent philosophy, but I like the thought-experiments that arise.
Lost Invitations:
A long time ago, I used to watch the Lynette Jennings Decorating Show on TV and that was where I first heard of decorating for Winter and keeping up some of your Christmas decorations but changing them a bit.
2. Liar (Ballard) 3:14
We have family and friends who have offered us their showers and washing machines
Naoko drove me to the new Awa Odori Airport in Matsushige to pick up Kathy this afternoon. What a nice, bright, colorful airport. Little, like Monterey, which is nice and easy to navigate. Haruto was thrilled looking at the planes and all the associated trucks but when we were on the ground level and the plane was taxing towards us it was a little too big for him!
I read this post recently over at Un-Schooled, and all I could think as I read it was how very much I related to it. Not the great-musicians-touring-Europe bit (I wish), but the relationship, the closeness, described between siblings. And I just had to share my own relationship with my sister, and how I feel that relationship has been affected by unschooling.
Hey everyone! I just got a link from a friend to check out this amazing blog candy! I'm soooo glad I did! She is giving away some SUPER DUPER amazing items! You don't want to miss this chance to win! Here's the link: http://keepsakesbymelissa.blogspot.com/2011/12/my-annual-end-of-year-christmas.html
What happened? A neighborhood watchman with a Batman complex stalked, confronted, and killed an unarmed black teen who did nothing to provoke the attack.
Oh, and if you're interested, I was *NOT* an instant winner. Instead, I got a free desktop/phone wallpaper image:
In the STM disciplines – science, technology and medicine – it is axiomatic that inventions will not make an impact unless they are tested and found useful under ordinary working conditions. The same applies to statistical innovation. Proposing new indicators is easy. Testing them with real data is laborious. Getting them accepted by organized statistical systems is tough, back-breaking work. Organizations resist change.
Of night and light and the half-light,
So there you have it. Easy enough for me. Not too time-consuming. Organized. Takes the pressure off. And enjoyable (which shouldn't that be the most important part?)
I look down at her. I haven't seen her in so, very, very long. She was my first love, and in hindsight, perhaps my last?
“At this stage, we couldn’t play the opening game. That’s a fact.”
If your wanting your family portrait hung over the fireplace in your living room – make sure you have a frame in mind. If there is a mat around the image, then stick to 8×10, 10×10, 11×14. As an example – a 11×14 image with mat and frame turns into a 16×20
“Look, if you wanna come with me, just wait at the rail. If you don’t wanna come, fine. But you gotta help me out, Rue. Think about this- I’m doin’ this for you. For us. Gotta go. I’ll pick you up ASAP.”
I greet you in the name of Jesus.
This is the one where you sit down and for three weeks you do nothing but craft this person's entire life history. Where were they born? What was their first word? Did they have a blanket with the tabbie things or with silk? Where they attached to said blanket? And on and on until you know more about this character than you know about yourself. I've seen a lot of people who scour magazines and cut out pictures of what this character could potentially look like. I've even met people who write childhood journals for their characters before even getting to writing the story they're hoping to write. It's very, very thorough.
4.) Connect existing public parks and establish new public spaces
2004 – 2012: After age 35, things start to take a turn. Not necessarily for the worse, but definitely towards the more annoying. Now when I clean the house it results in back spasms. I have glasses for driving, though apparently I still have 20/20 vision in one eye. Why is it only in one feckin’ eye? I don’t know. Apparently, lopsided eyes is as common as lopsided boobs.
The one design rule I’ll never break is that homes should look like the people who live in them. So I would want RuPaul’s boudoir to look campy (if that’s who he is in his private life, otherwise we’d just have one campy room for his public alter ego); Snoop Dogg’s doggy pound to be so, so Snoopy; and Diahann Carroll’s lair to look very grand dame.
I’m the hat on the bed
It’s in the way we live our lives
This month I read 24 books. It was a rare month in which I actually finished almost as many series as I started! Lots of great books this month. I actually finally read Graceling and loved it!
Remember, how much fiber you draft defines how thick your yarn is. Figure out how much you need to draft for the thickness of the single you desire, and draft that much. No finer, no thicker.
The next morning, thankful that our power was still on, we looked out the windows at the things we'd been hearing all night. Trees down everywhere. Wires down at various places on our street. It was amazing.
Follow up:
There is no need to obsess about it. Have the big picture in your mind and trust in yourself. Life is not perfect. We are not perfect. So eventually, something will go wrong or not as planned. Once we accept this truth, we can stop pressuring ourselves to perfection and cause ourselves anxiety.
The story of Shelley's last days, a mixture of eerie foreshadowing and sheer bad luck, superlatively told. Shelley was obsessed with the sea, boats and water, and at many times in his writing he seems to be foreseeing his own death. In one of his last letters to his adored Jane, Edward's wife, he wrote hauntingly: 'How are you today and how is Williams? Tell him that I dreamed of nothing but sailing, and fishing up coral.' But was his death inevitable? Tracing the events that led up to the tragedy, Roach's elegant detective work grips.
We have many rituals that provide structures for conscious commitment. Marriage, many kinds of contracts from loans to jobs, putting things in writing, study courses and diplomas, initiations into religions, etc. If you enter into a commitment of this kind through one of these rituals, take it seriously and enter into it for yourself, not for someone else. If you find yourself needing to break the commitment for any reason (divorce, bankruptcy, foreclosure, repossession, layoff or quitting a job, dropping out of a program) do it consciously and take full responsibility. Do a ritual around the closure and the ending. If you don’t, you will leave many loose ends that continue to bleed your energy and get in the way for a new bid for power and a new commitment.
The papers are from Crate Paper, October Afternoon and Sassafras Lass. The seam binding ribbon is from the Ribbon Girl and the swirly corner embellishment is from Make it Crafty. The stitching is done with button thread. The sentiment is from the Wryn Birthday Girl image.
I have them marked for death. I will get my garden back, in the form of venison. We did have 2 squash plants that survived. So I've got a lot of stupid yellow squash and that's it. La-de-da.
“What stops you Gogo?” Nomsa asked.
At the end of each chapter is a list of questions that can be used for reflection and discussion. So this book can be used as a mini bible study in small groups or on your own.
When we got there it was dark, and so we decided to wait with swimming in the sea until the next day. We made beste friends with the cats there, they were really friendly and would sit and fuss on your laps, at least the females did. The male ones were just noisy and kept a distance. The next day we headed off bright and early, but when we go to the waters edge, the water looked oily. Turns out there had been an oilspill further down the coast and there was a very thin layer of oil on the water. This didn't affect the fishes, and you could swim, but getting the oil out of your clothes and hair was apparently very hard. So we decided to give that a skip, and lounged by the pool for a few hours before heading back to Dubai.
Well time for another reveal over at CREATIVE SCRAPPERS, And i can say i did struggle with this a little bit, but still happy with the finished page , not my favourite, but still happy. As i have said before i am a clean
We didn't finish all our desserts in one night, but we definitely got happy on a sugar high!
He is known only as Juror #2. But he has a name, a past, and he has planned his every move with the help of a beautiful woman on the outside. Now, while a corporate empire hangs in the balance, while a grieving family waits, and while lawyers are plunged into a battle for their careers, the truth about Juror #2 is about to explode, in a cross fire of greed and corruption-and with justice fighting for its life…”
What I miss: I can’t think of anything that I miss right now.
Final note: feel free to comment on my take on the film. Start commenting on my lack of religion, though, and I’ll delete your comment as soon as I see it. Fair warning, folks.
(Source and tip: Father Blake; image: recently-unveiled coat of arms of the Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.)
Her furrowed brow told me I was losing her fast. “Um . . . we could find women
ISBN: 9780763655495; Published February 2012 by Candlewick; Borrowed from the library; Purchased for the library
I mean, you don't have to be a rocket scientist. You can't make this shit up. My son was labeled autistic when he was 3 years old. The ONLY expert I listened to was Temple Grandin. She led me much more lovingly through trecherous waters than the psychiatrists Ben had. Except for the one who was ADHD himself. He used to tell my son he was the hardest worker he knew. And school is very, very hard for our kids who think differently, who think right-brained, visuallly, as some describe it. These Hunters in a Farmers world.
Hawking suggested black holes were places in the cosmos which swallowed everything. Nothing escapes after it has breached the rim — event horizon — of a black hole. All light, matter, energy, information is sucked in by its (theoretical) huge gravitational pull and is lost. Nothing comes back out.
Get photo lists to photographer
Really?! She fell for your BS? She thinks you have changed? Or maybe you haven’t told her the whole truth about what you did to me – and who you really are. Really?!
If you have time, please visit Lens Us Together. I am hosting the theme this week and it is "Prepared". See what my peonies have to do with my theme!
Here's a couple more altered tins. The red one is a vintage cigarette tin, and the other, well, I am not sure what it is, as it doesn't open, but it's real sweet. These both have genuine vintage photos, and text from an old book "I can do it all!" Can't we all?
i for one LOVE jumpsuits they are so effortless and just take the thought out of getting dressed in the morning cos its a 2in1, top with an attached bottom piece! i recommend everyone purchase a jumpsuit (you can thank me later.. in Drakes voice..) and i dare you not to love it! this can also be jazzed up with accessories.
Make Up - Lucy Bridge @ Jedroot using illamasqua
and all that’s left is he and I
Once upon a time two beer connoisseurs named Thomas and Philip took a morning drive out to Southampton Brewery in...well...Southampton. The brewery was throwing their annual Russian Imperial Stout release party, to which everyone was invited. There were high spirits among both connoisseurs as they drove at a constant, but quick pace towards the wonderful party they were about to attend.
LAIYX Blog (laiyxblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
After all these years imagine I still know the theme song! How mad/sad is that lol B)
Do Kelly’s tasks: I did these for a long time, then changed my email system, so all my Flylady emails get moved to their own folder and marked as read. This meant I never went in to read them, and stopped doing the tasks.
That subject that I loathed in high school actually came in handy...
Evelyn Telfer, a reproductive biologist at Edinburgh University, has already informally approached the Human Fertilization and Embryology Authority (HFEA) with a view to submitting a formal license application within the next few weeks.
25. Hong Kong Phooey
566 ***D-Summer/1967. “Memorandum on ‘No Previous Restraint’.” For Helen Vlachou, Greek Publisher, Athens, Greece. (Incorporated in Item B-1, above, p. 680 (1971), and in Item B-5, above, pp. 513-14 (1992).) See Item C-1986(3), above, p. 645.
“There is a fight going on inside each of us. It is a terrible fight between two wolves,” he said.
A few months after that I was picked up again, and in the hearing they told the whole story of my escape from the foster home in North Carolina. The court reporter was laughing under her breath as she typed (I’m not making this up). My friend Evelyn was present and requested to be my guardian, so the judge said that he reluctantly would grant her custody, and I would have a curfew. I broke it almost immediately and Evelyn could not keep track of me. I called her after disappearing for a couple of days, and she said, “Please don’t tell me where you are, so I won’t have to lie to the officer when he calls. But do you need some money or food or anything?” I laughed to myself, wondering how she could help me if I didn’t say where I was. But I told her I was fine.
What a wonderful surprise Lee & I got today! I had a friend stop by with a homemade card, a heartfelt letter, a special book and flowers for Lee & I. Lee's favorite flower! I loved them too but most of all loved the little book. It has an uplifting message I can use each day. And it can be used over again each year. Her letter touched my heart and I will cherish it forever.
Whether this shit works or not is wholly irrelevant - I am back.
Meanwhile, my family life, other than my husband, has taken an odd turn. My parents finally bought a house here. My husband and I were overjoyed that they would no longer be staying with us every other weekend when they came to town. But then my good-for-nothing manipulative older brother lost his job and my dad told him to come live in their house rent free. After living there a couple weeks, he then told my parents the house (a two bedroom, one bath) was too small for them to stay there too. So my parents are staying with us again. What can I do, though? I can't be a bitch and say no, can I? It's annoying and frustrating that I can see what he's doing, but for some reason my dad in particular is blind to it.
Let's be honest, some days you feel like everyone is on your back.
I started this blog for the primary purpose of writing 90 days worth of meditations from John’s Gospel. Those meditations coincided with a 4 1/2 month sermon series from the same and were posted here under the heading “90 Days with Jesus”.
The modelling took around 25 hours, all told. I tried to keep as close to the real thing as possible but there are always going to be discrepancies when you only have one reference image. I couldn’t see the rudder and prop that well, for example, so had to give it my best guess. The real sub is actually a squashed cylinder, a bit like a fish, but I wanted a fuller shape. And for the final image we wanted the sub to be a blimp, so it needed balloons!
If you despise the taste of Brussels Sprouts, I urge you to keep reading. Seriously, I am a convert of the I-Hate-Brussels-Sprouts Camp. Actually, I think Brussels sprouts are kinda cute-- like miniature cabbages, don't you think? To some palates, they can pack a very strong taste, I admit. My conversion began when I made Roasted Brussels sprouts with bacon. Bacon makes most anything taste good? Are you feeling me? Then, Bobby Flay changed my opinion of Brussels sprouts forever. I think he changed a multitude of hearts when he made this recipe on a recent Thanksgiving Feast Showdown with the very popular "Pioneer Woman". I watched the episode (and I won't tell you who won, lest I spoil it for you). I was intrigued by the components that Bobby Flay used-- Pomegranate Molasses... interesting, I thought. Vanilla Bean -Pecan butter... Bobby, you're really talking to me, now. He then sprinkles the roasted Brussels sprouts with pomegranate arils (that would be the beautiful seeds) For a final Ta-Da, freshly grated orange and lime zest. Count me in!
Note that this is just the air force. There are three other branches with massive programs, and there is a separate, overall public-information program under an assistant secretary of defense for public affairs in the Pentagon. In I97I, an Armed Forces Journal survey revealed that the Pentagon was publishing a total of 37I magazines at an annual cost of some $57 million, an operation sixteen times larger than the nation’s biggest publisher. In an update in I982, the Air Force Journal International indicated that the Pentagon was publishing I,203 periodicals. To put this into perspective, we may note the scope of public-information operations of the American Friends Service Committee (AFSC) and the National Council of the Churches of Christ (NCC), two of the largest of the nonprofit organizations that offer a consistently challenging voice to the views of the Pentagon. The AFSC’s main office information-services budget in I984-85 was under $500,000, with eleven staff people. Its institution-wide press releases run at about two hundred per year, its press conferences thirty a year, and it produces about one film and two or three slide shows a year. It does not offer film clips, photos, or taped radio programs to the media. The NCC Office of Information has an annual budget of some $350,000, issues about a hundred news releases per year, and holds four press conferences annually. The ratio of air force news releases and press conferences to those of the AFSC and NCC taken together are I50 to I (or 2,200 to 1, if we count hometown news releases of the air force), and 94 to I respectively. Aggregating the other services would increase the differential by a large factor.
Joel Schumacher, who worked with Tom Cruise, brought the idea of a film remake of the novel I Am Legend by Richard Matheson to me.
She entered my room to get Abigail a tissue.
We also have some nifty old stuff in our house, besides me and hubby. They have sentimental value as they come from hubby's ancestors. This is a washboard that hubby's paternal grandmother actually used:
Hi Tension ~ British Hustle ~ Island ~ 1978
My son says to tell you that he plays expert on drums and guitar. Show-off. He wants you to say "Oh he's so handsome and good at rock band!"
Depending on the show, ticket prices for Jazz at the Bistro's summer schedule range from $20 to $30 for adults and $10 to $15 for students. Tickets will go on sale at 10:00 a.m., Tuesday, May 8 via Metrotix.
STEP 3: Not easy to write a bit ab out me, but let’s give it a try.
1/3 Cup Pecan Pieces, Toasted
Row 21-24- ch1, sc in sm sp as join, sc in each sc, join.
Good story, huh? And it’s true, every word of it! Here’s the pictorial evidence.
yeah, we could. we could live with anything, because we look petite and fragile but underneath it all we all have scars from the battles we’ve fought, we’ve had to deal with bullshit left right center, and we’ve come through broken but in one piece.
4. She caters to her man. Now, I do this as well, but we go about it differently. If we are fighting.. you can fix your own plate & you better put your hands to work… she on the other hand caters to him regardless. She can be pissed at him and she will still hang from the shower rod if he asked her to.
It's not surprising that Black Butte emerged from the "crossover beer" days. It is in many ways the perfect crossover itself. The first note is a chocolatey sweetness, supported by a creamy mouthfeel. It isn't a heavy beer, but substantial enough to sate hearty-beer fans. There's a bit of coffee in the final note which, despite the sweetness, makes for a dry finish.
So, Kati is going to give one of my readers a free decal of their own! All you have to do to enter is leave a comment on this post. The giveaway will end on March 27. I will randomly pick one winner on March 28! You can get an extra entry by tweeting, and/or blogging about this giveaway (so really that is two extra entries you can get). Just leave me another comment (or two) letting me know you did.
One of the couple of evenings I spent in NYC I also visited Club Macanudo together with my friend David. Club Macanudo remains in my view one of the best places to enjoy a cigar - perfect atmosphere (large leather chairs and comfy sofas) combined with a good selection of food and drinks. Cigars offered are maybe not always the best (but if you want a good one, I recommend the Club Macanudo 1968) so we decided to enjoy something not on the menu...
1) When you are told the product that you're supposed to advertise, try asking yourself, "Why do I care about this product?"
5. band introduction & more interview with Steve
And subsequently decrease delinquency in later life
What we imagine love to be has never been rooted in reality.
Carnivale
So cut it short, give her the title if she’s qualified.
I saw him this morning. We practiced unarmed combat in the gym downstairs. I do love it when he, well . . . I broke a nail, and I have to attend a dinner tonight at the Spanish Embassy. Life is full of problems. Sounds like you’re ready for another escape from Tara Hall.
When I had this as a sample, I barely used it -- maybe because I was afraid of it running out. Now that I have a full jar of it, I can't stop using it! I've always known it was versatile -- but omg... this is LOVE. I've used it as an all-over wash, or as an inner corner colour. Just... so many uses...
And where, exactly, is that line between the two?
Eric Canete’s art is very interesting. It will be irritating for those that like pencilling to be extremely clean, however I see his work as being highly personalised and loved intensely by those who appreciate its style. His greatest pictures feature a robotic protagonist and are steeped in cinematic drama.
May 02, 2012 03:01 PM EDT
These authors have written about the Civil War from the viewpoint of educated citizens and military and political leaders, instead of from ordinary people’s experiences like E.L. Doctorow’s portrayed in his novel “The March”.
8A. Standard/Ordinary Bitter
3. Talking about turkeys, once we found one running down the road, kept it, named it Lucky, grew it to an emormous size, then ate it for Christmas (It had to be cut in half to fit in the oven).
Now she seems pretty happy.
Master Prototype (50) – Completed the game on HARD difficulty
It was a Sunday morning.
This was one of those recipes that I wasn't expecting to like but ended up really enjoying! It is very quiche like and while I don't usually like quiche I actually like this!
well as Monday looms on a very beautiful clear and a very stary in their clory night..have a good week and sassy hugs one size fits all and many thanks for the wonderful comments it warms me old heart so much you really dont know just how much
What the introduction of the iPad did do was to drag publishers into the world of e-book jousting between Amazon's Kindle and every other e-reader device. It's just that the Apple iPad is the first real contender to the Kindle throne, as a device and utilising the more flexible epub format.
The Jean de Nivelles Brune is the exact same one as the ... St. Feuillien Brune! Ha! Who would have thought we will find the same beer under two different names? Does this apply to other Belgian beers as well?
Before I get to McGwire's explanation let's address the term Performance Enhancing Drugs. I used that term in the title and not the word "steroids" or "drugs" for a reason - to define just why these drugs/substances are banned. They are banned, ostensibly, because they provide unnatural assistance to the user! Hence we call them performance ENHANCERS.
What I loved: The story of friendship between the women in this story, despite all the injustice that they had to tolerate.
These are cards from "Row 2" of the three available rows. Whatever. Yet, there are two different backs. One back is listed as Showdown and one as Showtime. I can't tell you how glad I am that I was not collecting in 1999. I would have been committed by now.
1/2 green pepper, chopped
But it`s Ok ….because I want
I want NERVE to offer readers a page-turning story, but I’d be thrilled if it also generated conversation about privacy. The main character in my book is seduced into a game of dares, which takes advantage of information she’s given away freely online. Loss of privacy may be the currency we pay for a greater sense of community, but the Internet has greatly magnified that equation. I’d love it if my book gets folks talking about where they’d draw the line.
The atheist looked directly into the light “It would be hypocritical of me to suddenly ask You to treat me as Christian now, but perhaps could you make the bear a Christian?” “Very well,” said the voice.
Nokia built its reputation by always being ahead of its competition. Whether it was making personalized phones like the Nokia 1100 for India or connecting people in any way, Nokia was the name which was synonymous. It had become a generic name so much so that whenever people used to go to mobile shops, they would say “Please give me a Nokia” rather than saying “Please give me a phone.” That was then.
€0.00 - veg
It's time for our Kitchen Fun and Crafty Link Party! We had 237 links from last week for our 3rd party...yay! Thank you for linking up...we love looking through all your creative projects, goodies, and crafts! We loved them all, but picked out a few that really caught our eye to share with you today.
The experts said that only the first of nine ice cave in the ice cave ranked the country more than 10,000 caves. Divided into upper and lower five-story drill ice cave, under the ice stairs, over ice stack, available layers sightseeing. Each floor can accommodate dozens of people. Over 20 meters in diameter, the hole at its widest point, the narrowest of over 10 meters. Formed by the ice, icicles, ice Iceman, ice Buddha, etc., strange, to name a few. Carved inside the cave, large and small views or exquisite, dazzling crystal, or graceful, magnificent, all amazing.
Good luck to all of those who become my sweet followers. Hope you have a sweet week. Make sure you bug on over and check out my other blog too.
Retro Cafe Art - 'Kristin has some fabulous treasures and all reasonably priced, which means that I can buy quite a few things even though I'm in the UK. She is also really friendly and helpful.'
competition for Apple and other tablet makers is, in my opinion, that prices for
As mention, a handful of folks were shooting a match using the Czech ammunition, and aside from the significant low recoil there was no noticeable difference in performance that I could see. The gentleman of the group did mention that his Mosins displayed preferences, with some shooting the hollow bullets well, and others not so well. That in mind, I retired to the range one afternoon with the two types or training ammunition, and the appropriate rifles to test them. In my case, a Soviet 91/30 Ex-Sniper in 7.62x54mm, and an Ishapore Enfield 2a in 7.62x51mm.
I got the striped fabric at a Thrift store, about a yard of it for I think $1.
7:30
Well it has been a while since I last blogged, I get a bit of blogfright.... like stagefright but for writing on blogs.... do people really care what I write? Will any one read it ?
-On the 5th of the month, you will receive your penpal pairing via email. Contact your penpal as soon as possible to get their mailing address and any other information you might need like allergies, dietary restrictions, and/ or preferences.
Ever aware of the ebb and flow, she pauses.
Since I was starting these at 10pm and I needed to be up at 5am the next morning (ugh!), they had to be quick and clean. I used Photoshop to print the letters on the black/white boards and resized the images to be about 3"x3". I printed the images on my Epson 3800 which prints in pigment ink, heat set them then colored with Copics. I used some simple layers of DP from the "Playdate" paper pack from Stampin' Up- so perfect for school related cards and scrapbook pages! A die cut layer for the image, a few buttons, some red striped twine and it was done- super fast!
More information will be on the Copic website once the applications go out, so please do not e-mail nancy with questions yet!
Why do you blog?
Neighbors. Co-workers. Acquiantances.
8. Search Unconventional and Career-Specific Job Sites
Another issue that usually rises in such gestures is the equilibrium between the two poles:(youth-maturity) and (iron – wood), like the synthesis of Picasso. The two poles are clearly discernible but not entrenched in different corners; they create a dynamic dialogue among them within space, covering, folding and running parallel to each other. The iron surface extends all the way to the mezzanine, where the contact lenses are nested.
There used to be a morning radio segment on one of the Houston stations called "Cool Feelings". Those of you who are from H-town might be familiar with it. Every morning it would run down a list of cool feelings, like "waking up and thinking it is time to get up but you still have 3 hours to sleep" or "digging out your winter coat and finding a crisp $20 in the pocket". You get the idea.
* May formulate specific implementation plans and evaluates the effectiveness of actions/programs implemented.
A while ago I learned of "Mercury in Retrograde". What an interesting time this is. If you've had trouble getting something off the ground recently this could be why. Try again in a week or more and you should have more luck. This explains A LOT of moodiness for me.
It’s very rare for a film to pull me toward the edge of my seat every time I watch it, but Summer Wars manages to do just that. It is very grounded and down-to-earth, and at the same time it features great action sequences and a compelling premise that anyone in our social network society can relate to. It draws you into both the dazzling world of OZ and the seemingly ordinary life of a closely-knit family.
Let's pretend my life is normal, even quaint. Picture it: fresh baked cookies on the cooling rack, a child neatly pressed heading off to an afternoon Birthday party with a gift and the cake, the adults off for a little browsing at the library, a cup of coffee, and a slow Sunday drive...all of that is true, well okay Beach wasn't neatly pressed but she was wearing clean-ish clothing.
The film "An Education" is a coming of age story adapted from a memoir by well-known Guardian journalist, Lyn Barber, from her teenage life in 1961.(1) It is her recollection of being wooed and feted as a 16 year-old girl by an older man in his mid 30s. She was a talented young girl with a lust for life. It is a "journey" film but her journey was along the wrong course and back on track again: a coming of age film. The film was released in October 2009 and critically acclaimed with eight BAFTA nominations, a nomination for a Golden Globe and numerous glowing reviews.
-Dogg Housse
Dozens of scientific studies have found that exposure to 2,4-D is linked to major health problems such as cancer, lowered sperm counts, liver disease, Parkinson’s disease and disruption of hormonal, reproductive and neurological systems.
On Monday, I woke up and realized that I desperately needed to mail a few things. I got my packages ready, bundled up the kids, and drove to the post office. When I pulled into the empty parking lot, I was baffled. The post office is closed? On February 15th? What holiday is on February 15th? I didn't realize that is was Presidents Day until later that morning.
Black Milk and his band Nat Turner totally blessed stage (and the crowd) in a every impressively great way possible. Sometimes hip hop bands tend to stray away from the original composition of a song, but they at times made the original sound even better when played w/live instruments. He performed tracks from his entire catalog from Sound of The City to Popular Demand, to Tronic to Album of the Year. His band Nat Turner turns head with every note and each key. Each member were more than on point, doing a superb rendition of Wu Tang’s “Cream.” They even took it to the dance and house world for a bit, causing some wild females to get wild on the dance floor, enjoying themselves. Shout to Jessica at Co-Sign.
Obtaining a certificate or degree in environmental sciences can help you to build your skills and knowledge to pursue the career you desire.
16. Fluffy 14:20
After Anna died, I wrote this. And everything that I wrote there still holds true. Anna was such a genuinely GOOD person, and a fiercely loyal friend. If you look up the definition of the word "loyal" in the dictionary, her picture should be there. Her death opened up my eyes to a lot of things, mainly the way I act and treat people. I had vowed to become a better person after losing her. I wanted to stay in touch with people more and be a better friend to people and I have to sadly say, that I didn't succeed at that goal. I know I'm not a bad person, but I didn't make much more of an effort to stay in touch with people and I had wanted to. I wasn't always there for my friends and I should have been. It makes me wonder how Anna did it so easily. Being nice and being "good" just came so naturally to her. Aside from the fact that losing any person so young is a tragedy, its also such a tragedy that the world lost a person who was so "good".
4 kept
2: SHIRLEY & LEE - Shirley Come Back To Me
Hopefully they stay in the new codex, and hopefully we’ll get our crystal targeting matrix back…
Over the past 2 years, how much time has plaintiff devoted to financial management and how much time was devoted to other endeavors?
And it was 9:00 PM.
The best way to help survivors and relief workers is to make a financial contribution. Monetary donations allow disaster responders to immediately meet the specific needs of disaster survivors.
So that's it for now. I would love to hear comments if anyone actually reads this blog, otherwise I just might delete the whole thing. Not to be depressing. Blogging is so saturated right now and I know that deep in my heart, this blog doesn't really offer a lot to a lot of people. But we shall see.
07 Precious Stone
After reading Smiler’s twitter late Thursday afternoon I saw him say “They want me to take 100 names off the G list, I said no, get down before 8 tonight #yoyos” at this point I panicked, I wasn’t planning on even leaving my house (30 mins away) until 8:30 – plans immediately changed.
runs. At the end of the fifth inning the Colt 45′s had the game well in hand
ABITW2 7'54
The conservative news site the Daily Caller and the blog the Wagist claim they have unearthed a Twitter account, which has since been taken down, that belonged to the teen.
Ariel tries not to groan.
I posted before about the Biggest Loser competition that I organized at school. You can read about it here. I promised I would update you when it was over so here it is.
Do you collect students' journals or notebooks or portfolios? One thing I wrestle with in my own classroom is how to assess or give feedback on the work students create in their academic journals. My students have kept writing journals, academic journals or reading journals--see the directions inset below. I've graded journals, not graded journals, written in them or not written in them. How I've used journals or notebooks in my classroom changes over time.
All I could think was… what the hell are you doing?? This is going way beyond sci-fi! I knew that somehow, my fathers sperm became infused with Pleiadian sperm… however the hell that works out. And the domino’s started falling into place.
All joking aside, my back was not letting me sleep at night, and seriously not getting any better, and I was very frustrated because I try very hard to do...well...everything right.
This day would live in … memories of everyone.
When we settle down, we sometimes forget just how awesome and beautiful our home can be. I’ve found that pretending to be a tourist gives you a new perspective and lets you really appreciate your home town.
Suddenly, I popped up to the surface and I could get a breath again. Wow. That was important. But I was swimming as hard as I could and I was getting farther from the wood thing. I tried and tried!
This weekend I attended a masterclass with an amazingly talented woman, which both excited and terrified me - how exciting to spend a day focused on something I loved, how terrifying that I may discover I am not 'the best' at what I want to do.
Myra leaves as Lilly returns to the hospital. She sniffs the air in the room and tells Roy "Myra's been here." She tells Roy she picked up his mail and it was only bills, which she offers to take care of. He insists that he can take care of them himself. She tells him that his boss called, and questions his job selling peanuts for commission, accusing him of using the job as a front while working some angle. He brings up her own job, saying "You're one to talk. You still running playback money for the mob?"
That’s why I thought I’d start a new weekly feature! From now until the end of December, we’ll be celebrating Thankful Thursdays. Every Thursday, I’ll list the things I’m most thankful for that week. I’d love for you to join me, and list what you’re most appreciative of that week as well.
Nobody noticed me when I first got there, so I just hung back and watched in the doorway, then headed back to Grommash Hold.
- this was one of the first year's my family didn't travel over the holidays and it was so great being home and having family come to us.
Now you have a fortnight to enter, so come on Show us your Favorite Technique.
12th of January 2011
For those who don’t know Wakefield, we have a new, all singing all dancing hospital. Its like a spaceship docking station with a W H Smith. On arrival, once you’ve passed the cloud of smoke – how can you have a fag with a drip in your arm? -You reach the self check-in desk. No really, you check in and the big screens tell you which gate to go to – no duty free on the way through though!!!
Besides having the actual book at my disposal, the tactile contact is reassuring, a grounding in this plane. I think therein lies the rub. I find books real whereas e-books or I-tunes music or even Netflix, feels temporary to me. I’m not saying to give up on them, but I prefer a good old-fashioned hardcover book. Then again, maybe I’m just showing my age.
Since I got such awesome feedback from the first post I wrote To Grace, I decided to write a part two. Who knows…this could just be the beginning of posts I write out to kids who have CP just like me. But this “letter” in a sense is simply reflecting on what I have gone through while having CP. By addressing it to Grace, I am connecting with someone I know personally who also has CP. However, this can apply to anyone who has CP, so I’ve decided to not include a “To:” line, and instead, I’ll just jump right in.
He’s recently separated
The Holy Spirit gives each one power to live abundantly. Personal Scripture and pray it today.
(Wat dryf ’n mens om op ’n dag skielik ’n klomp mense om die lewe te bring? Is daar ’n enkele oomblik dat iets in jou breek, of is daar ’n aanloop? Magda Swart doen verslag… www.beeld.com/In-Diepte/Nuus)
Requirements for the Linkedin Company Page
I got to exorcise a few demons with the assistance of a handful of characters, some plot, and lots of dialog. Who would have thought writing could be so cathartic.
Lightly spoon flour into a dry measuring cup; level with a knife. Place flour, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and black pepper in a large saucepan. Gradually add milk, stirring with a whisk. Cook over medium heat until slightly thick (about 12 minutes), stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Combine 1 cup milk mixture and poblanos in a blender; process until smooth. Stir pureed poblano mixture into remaining milk mixture.
It shouldn’t matter if a 19 year old GIRL gamer who’s paralyzed in a wheelchair can headshot you in Halo Reach 3 times before you even change your clip out – but apparently it’s heinous in the eyes of bigot gamers who feel that the anonymity of online gameplay gives them the right to say horribly outlandish things. I find these actions appalling and that’s why I’m so admiring of 8-Bit Animal for his inspiring message.
An article in the rightwing Israeli Jerusalem Post agrees. “Support for settlement is not simply a program of right-of-center Likud. Its history has firm roots in Labor party activity during the periods of its governments, and activities by predecessors of the Labor party going back before the creation of the Israeli state” (April 27).
Monday: Ernie Massey's Italian Chicken (new recipe)
The perspective I gained from all of this, well, I get it now... the saying... "If it weren't for the cancer part... Cancer would be the best thing in the world."
So not a lot of anything...I've studied the ceiling, upped the iron and I'm back on track now. I've even managed to reproduce a mirrored clone of the usual inky mess in my make-shift crafty patch. Yeah!
4. Medley: Come On In My Kitchen/Mama, He Treats Your Daughter Mean/Goin' Down the Road Feelin' Bad
On my first runthrough of the game I was impossibly relieved when I got given a revolver and six bullets, because it was the solution to my impending starvation. I took it straight to the nearest corner store and swapped it for a bottle of milk and a can of vegetables. The next day food doubled in price.
I’m constantly having conversations either in person or online about how to stay motivated to write. A novel, is a huge undertaking, and while I can say I did get the first draft done in that week I had off – I’m still writing and re-writing bits and pieces of it.
I am married but without children. We have been practicing CDD for about a year now. We are still feeling out the waters. I came to my husband with this. He thought I was nuts. Now I think he may be starting to see the benefits of it. I am a fairly headstrong woman who can be independent if needed and needy when not necessarily wanted, so it gets complicated. My husband spanks me for discipline, fun and maintenance. I asked him for this. It's what I felt I needed to get some balance within myself. I've found it can help mentally as well, if not better than taking pills. The balance in the brain I believe to be very real when a spanking occurs. It's a strange phenomenon. Discipline for me is pretty non-existent although it hangs over my head. Majority of the time my husband says I'm too good for that. Although, he will tell everyone I'm nothing but bad! ; ) Now know this, he doesn't expect as much out of me daily as a lot HoHs. I do respect my husband. He likes to banter with me. It's one of the things that attracted me to him. However, I have in the past bantered to a point of being disrespectful. Well, that level of bantering or disrespect can't happen now. Generally though, my husband spanks for maintenance or fun. He has now gotten over his fears of spanking me. Now, he likes it! Maintenacne for me is a lot about attitude adjustment, mood levels or the fact that I may be teetering on the edge of being mischievious. Hee hee. He doesn't use other forms of discipline or punishment, although he's threatened to take away my computer.
John Obi Mikel was lucky to escape a red shortly after the restart after he caught Cheik Tiote with an elbow in an aerial challenge that left the Newcastle man needing lengthy treatment before he was stretchered off.
This dry rub is an adaptation of Joy of Cooking's Southern Barbecue Dry-Rub recipe. I didn't have all the spices at hand when I tried it the first time, but it turned out really well. I made a few changes the second time around and the ribs tasted even better. So here's my version:
*White vinegar is ideal, but you can definitively use cider vinegar if you wish (just keep in mind that it is a bit more expensive). Cider Vinegar is more likely to be organically produced, which is better for the environment.
What the hell does a Wiccan have to do to become a damn chaplain in this country? Why the hell does seminary cost so damn much when ministers don’t make much in the first place?
few days ago, while cleaning the bathroom, i bumped into the door, clumsily. we are going through some rough roads. the idealistic part of me thinks that this is just a phase that we would get through. but in reality, we are through.
So i traveled down south this past weekend and i didnt want to return to reality. I had an amazing time with my husband and it was some much needed quality time!
“School Days” was known to have some brutally violent endings… depending on your game play. The bad endings are really bad. They include character murder and suicide. The good endings are good including monogamous relationships, hotel romps and polyamory.
Indeed, the main benefit of new technologies in education should be to provide more choice to instructors, and ultimately to students. If a professor can mix open content with chapters from relevant textbooks, timely journal articles, and up-to-the-minute news reporting, then he or she can truly provide a unique “book” to students, untethered from the rigidity of the traditional offerings from academic publishers.
Carried Orders Since before end of day 07/31/2010, still outstanding as of end of day 08/31/2010
A great site is meeting the desired needs, made in the short term and does not take a huge cost. In web design there are two applications of the content in the form of text and images.
crumble, his emotions spilled out.
¼ cup milk chocolate
I don’t want to lay the boot into Laid, as if it’s some kind of blight on Australian television because it’s far more sophisticated than most of the commercial networks scripted offerings. It’s just that we shouldn’t really be comparing it to other Aussie shows as that’s not exact a tough group to outclass. Laid is a self-assured series that knows the story it wants to tell. Well, that’s one way to look at it. The other way to look at it is: Laid is a smug series that puts on its ‘quirky dark comedy’ skin and doesn’t really do much beyond that. Laid is also not nearly as clever as it thinks it is.
There’s too much at stake!
“Hmm, she reminds me of someone,” says Bo to Dan upon meeting Faye for the first time. “A movie star or something.”
3) Photo, CEA Registration and SST course – Take your photo and register yourself with agency AFTER you have received a notification that you have passed the exam from your Approved Exam Administrator. You will then need to go to PICTUREME at Suntec City Mall or your approved company photographer to do a photoshoot for your passport-sized photo for your company business cards. The studio will have the uniforms (as required by ERA) in the studio for you for the shoot. Once your photo is taken (usually 8 copies), ask for a soft copy on a disk and together with a printout of your results slip, go to your estate agent’s HR Dept and register with them. Here, the HR Dept will assist you to register yourself with the Council for Estate Agents (CEA), who is the governing body for estate agents, to obtain your license and sign up for the Sales System Training course. Your registration with CEA will entitle you to your CEA Registration Kit (including your ID tag) and your CEA Starter Kit (which includes your all-important 200 business cards). Cost – about SGD 40 for the photos, SGD 620 for the Sales System Training course, SGD 290 for the CEA Registration Kit and SGD 180 for the CEA Starter Kit.
I'm so glad you stopped by. And thank you so much for all the wonderful compliments and welcome to my new followers.
cool huh, then I add my personal touch
After glueing my heart to the center of the card,
This morning we all clean out Mom’s apartment at Sunrise. No need to prolong this painful job, especially since many hands are available to help today. After that? Then my new normal begins. Wonder what that will feel like.
We live in a different state, so we made our flight reservations in the first part of April, thinking that there is the possibility of being overdue... looking forward to flying up to spend 8 days with them.
As of Monday, MOH and I have been sticking to putting the kids down at 8:30. This has been a real lifesaver for me because I can get most of my work done before midnight now. (This is prepping notes for the next day at school and stuff like that.) If I keep being this productive I might actually get the taxes done early this year. Not holding my breath though.
- Foodie Penpals is open to US & Canadian residents. Please note, Canadian Residents will be paired with other Canadians only. We’ve determined things might get too slow and backed up if we’re trying to send foods through customs across the border from US to Canada and vice versa. So, I’m going to keep two separate lists and match US w/ US and Canada w/ Canada!
With Garth Snow dealing with a strained groin and Jean-Sebastien Aubin not playing well, Heberg was given the opportunity to see some action during the end of the regular season. He began with a 41 save performance in a 6-3 win over the Florida Panthers on March 16th, but lost to the Tampa Bay Lightning the next night. Heberg next recorded a tie with Boston before defeating New Jersey, Buffalo, Chicago, St. Louis, Tampa Bay and Carolina to finish the season 7-1-1, creating some excitement in Pittsburgh.
The shrunken sea has ruined the once-robust fishing economy and left fishing trawlers stranded in sandy wastelands, leaning over as if they dropped from the air. The sea's evaporation has left layers of highly salted sand, which winds can carry as far away as Scandinavia and Japan, and which plague local people with health troubles.The story of the Aral Sea is the sort of thing you want to point to when people argue that technology and human ingenuity will save us from our own self-inflicted crises. The Shrinkage started with the Soviet Union's plan to divert the Amu Darya and Syr Darya to grow a bunch of cotton in the middle of the desert. Hilariously, the Soviets knew the Sea would vanish as a result of this plan - but they did it anyway:''It was part of the five-year plans, approved by the council of ministers and the Politburo,'' said Aleksandr Asarin, an expert at the Russian State Hydroproject Institute who angered his bosses by predicting, in 1964, that the sea was headed for catastrophe. ''Nobody on a lower level would dare to say a word contradicting those plans,'' he said, ''even if it was the fate of the Aral Sea.''Apparently Kazakhstan is working to revive what is now the North Aral Sea with some success. There's less hope for the southern sliver of the sea that remains. The water, already so salty as to have been rendered lifeless, continue to recede from the stranded fishing villages and rusting husks of Soviet-era fishing boats that used to subsist on the sea's bounty.
Our other guest teacher was College Park businessman Giovanni Vianello owner of “Let Us Frame It” on Edgewater drive. Mr. Vianello brought with him stories of his father growing food in the “old country”. Mr Vianello comes from Venice, Italy where his family has grown grapes for many generations. The grape plants shown here are actually grown from cuttings taken from the vines at the Vianello homestead and will hopefully provide many generations of OJA students with a taste of Venice.
I don’t worry too much about the amount of cores I have when I’m in Windows. Games don’t really use more than one. Some do, but I don’t think anyone has made it past using two yet.
“Solitude, says the moon shell.”
“The unanimous decision in Commonwealth Court allows patrons to circumvent beer distributors where customers may only purchase beer by the case.”
2. In 150 words, describe the place where you are right now.
They were so easy to make. I found this great tutorial on the Kraft Outlet blog that showed how you can make 4 Christmas cards with very few supplies and they still look great! I used their tutorial but as I didn't need any Christmas cards, I just used some nice Kaisercraft papers that I had to make these cards instead.
295Fair eyes, and tempting looks (which yet I view!)
The nursing home has faithfully and quietly served the community for 80 years. Along the way, its seen some prominent and very, very old residents (like 111-year-old Benjamin Kotlowitz). Last year, due to mounting debts and "inadequate Medicaid reimbursement," the home was forced to close for good.
We took them to the Getty Center on Saturday. They seemed to enjoy themselves, but I had the feeling that, being unfailingly polite, they were putting on a brave face for us while they were so stressed and worried about what their families were enduring back home. I felt like an idiot when I started freaking out when I thought I lost my wallet – because really, how could I go on without those five dollars and my driver's license? I fail at perspective.
The High Intensity Interval Training is the key to RAPID weight loss as it stimulates EPOC or excess post oxygen consumption. The general jist of EPOC is, the higher your EPOC the more oxygen your consuming for longer which burns fat for longer after you’ve finished exercising. The saying work smart not hard comes to mind.
Whatevah! No-one seems to have realised that if you tell everyone that you're on their side simultaneously today you'll get found out tomorrow.
with them.
Hello Everyone!! Today I'm going to show you how much fun it is to create bubbles and pebbles! It's always fun to add a little scenery to your images and bubbles are easy to create for your water scenes and pebbles for under buckets and park benches or even pebble pathways! It's easy and yet so effective!
by request,
Way to twist that fucking knife, dad. Although you missed the opportunity to throw in something about me dressing funny for maximum trolling effect.
And I'm not sure if I've ever mentioned it before, but if you ever have any questions or enquiries you can contact me at dozendresses@hotmail.co.uk (there's a contact link on the sidebar, too.) Come at me dudes.
“Tom Sawyer?” asked Ted.
4. If you could live anywhere in the world, where would it be? I’d probably stick to Europe, but I want to get away from Italy.
Lunch was a cobb salad with blue cheese dressing.
I punched some leaves from scraps of DP, creased them down the middle to make them have more movement, and tucked them under the rick-rack, lifting them off the surface with some foam tape.
"Never trust an intact male of any species"
Characteristics of a successful noodler include 1. the Hulk’s upper body strength; 2. Sponge Bob’s breath control; 3. Robin William’s selective insanity; and 4. a spouse who can maintain a cool façade while hoping she won’t have to raise the children alone.
Deep Purple- Highway Star (Made In Japan LP- 1972)
3) Have Miles and Dexter learn their individual names before graduating High School.
Then my amazing cousin, Katrina, came online. I didn't intend to bring up all my emotional problems while we chatted, but those things just come out when you trust someone. She let me rant, giving me advice but not forcing me to take it. I left the conversation feeling only slightly better, thinking there was at least one person in the world that cared about me. But I still felt like this whole trying-to-get-published thing was a waste of my time.
So that means the galaxy is an entangled state with itself. This now explains why all the constellations and solar systems are not following Newtonian movement. Instead, they all move together as one around the center, because they are entangled. I’ve just given the reason for it, and science will start to understand that soon. It has been a mystery so far, but now you know.
Who would have thought these wee beasties could cause so much trauma?
Today, I had the privilege of donating my time to help a very worthy cause, the Wendy’s Dreamlift Day (http://www.sunshine.ca/events/wendys-dreamlift-day-2012). This is the 18th year of the event, and the one in which the cumulative total money raised will exceed $1Million!
EFVGI Blog (efvgiblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
so it will take half the time
I prefer the black ink of the 0.7mm over the blue ink of the 0.5mm, so thus it garners the silver medal. The shade of black is still a little off, and I'm no fan of the FriXion eraser. It smudges the paper too much compared to the traditional eraser models.
The added in cats and dogs makes the story charming and sweet.
Perhaps this is why so much of architecture writing today, both on blogs and elsewhere, so willfully crosses over into science fiction: if architecture literally is the design and proposal of a different world—one that might exist tomorrow, next year, next decade—then it is conceptually coextensive with the genre of scifi.
Summer is a slow time in New York, which leaves me a little freedom to work on our fall new designs, materials, colors, etc.... I just recently had dinner with a Benjamin Moore creative executive, and with wine helping us, we had so many laughs and at the end of dinner we realized that we actually sat 3 hours at the table! A good thing I train it into town.
tasting no fears,
4. Squeezed Timeframes: Quite often the flex part is the last component to be designed in the electronic digital package. Once the product team finally gets around to dealing with the flexible PCB, they may be already at the rear of agenda. This time pressure will be able to push short cuts. Outcome is an inadequately designed product which will have a number of assembly and reliability concerns for the duration of the device. Moreover, you will be made to give cost for quick turn manufacturing.
And just in case you don't win these three Homestead Blessings DVDs or you want to see more of the West Ladies, you can get 10% off your order at the AFA Store. Really, you get 10% off your order of any item from the AFA Store! All you have to do is type in this coupon code at checkout: ANITA64. Now, ready, get set, go!! Deadline to register is Friday, April 22. I will announce the winner on Monday, April 25!
It breaks my heart every time I have to get rid of an old pair of jeans because they’re broken – so much so I have a pair in my room that died months ago but I can’t bring myself to part with.
I declare the constitution of the New World Congress
One of the Vampire Dawn books, Dead on Arrival was inspired by the cover picture (you can see it on Facebook). It was one of a batch of pictures my lovely publisher found and sent to me - it was far and away the best and has set the style for the series.
Hopefully, this blog will be enjoyable and maybe even an encouragement to any readers or visitors!
The funny thing is I remember, and it wasn’t just the last job but just about every job I’ve had, how I would get to work and count the minutes to break time, lunch time, home time. In the last job what made it bearable was I used to write in lots of my breaks, laptop on another desk — they didn’t trust I wasn’t writing all the time when I should’ve been working (me write my novel in work? Coughs into hand) so I had to sit with laptop to show I was on a break. Now I hear Ross from Friends in my head … I was on a break! I did suggest to the boss if the fact it was break time (that was more or less the same every day) and I was the only one in the room wasn’t evidence I was on a break and therefore using my memory stick to write on the work computer (permitted in break times) I could always wear a hat to show I was on a break. The next day I brought my laptop to work and set it up on the empty desk so I could move to it. This is all true by the way. And this is someone who got great appraisals and my work was always done. In fact for the first time in my life I became a rebel! Debz the writer has spoken!
An MoD spokesman said it would be used "primarily in the loud hailer mode".
On one such unfortunate day, my flight landed inDetroit. By the time I had exited the plane and looked up at the clock, I had ten minutes flat to make my boarding time for the next flight.
The sudden eruption of 1973 Israel into 1940 isn't going to end the war. Despite having a nuclear stockpile, Israel isn't in a position to end hostilities in Europe. Firstly, the strike radius of those weapons is comparable to the one-way flight range of a late-1950s jet fighter. They can hit Moscow, or Berlin, on a suicide mission. But six atom bombs won't stop the Third Reich in its tracks. Nor would they stop Stalin's Soviet Union. (The Israeli nuclear arsenal of 1983 or 1993 would be a whole different matter — but make for a much less interesting story.)"
I am in a creative rut today but still browsing through the regular scrapbook sites just to kill time. Groovie Cover never failed to revive my energy. Played along with their November cover here..... here's my layout share:-
KM: But the thing is, baby, your old school's calendar is the same as your new school. When your first grade school is closed, so is your old school. So going for a whole day would be kind of hard.
Also wanted to mention that since I still owe the printer $435.00 I am having a special for the new printed cook book. It has a bright green cover and everything is printed on both sides and will be selling them for $22.00 and free shipping until I get the print shop paid off. I have some with the black binder and some are white so you can choose until I run out of the black. You can click on the link on my right side bar to order your copy and I will be checking my emails every chance I get and will get back to you A S A P with address to mail a ck. And YES..I will still be donating to the shelter with a portion of the proceeds.
1-2 cups prepared rice, cold (or day old)
Just before making The Asphyx, which boasted a larger budget and starrier cast than Crucible could dream of, Newbrook tested the waters by hiring Tom Parkinson and Ted Hooker as co-screenwriters and, respectively, producer and director of this first, tentative venture.
$1.00 off On Your Next Issue of HEALTH Magazine
1. Preheat oven to 400 degrees. Whisk together eggs, milk, ricotta, Parmesan, 1 teaspoon salt, and 1/4 teaspoon pepper. Stir in cooked pasta and chopped basil.
But one thing is certain, one’s desire is restless until it is acted upon.
Welcome to DoubaJen Records, an independent record and publishing company that develops, produces and markets artists with broad appeal across all genres of Music. DoubaJen Records is a full service creative studio with knowledge and expertise to product and manage a variety of innovative projects. Our motto is "Creativity Has No Limits". Founded in 2007 by Singer-songwriter Slim Khezri, better known as Slim K. DoubaJen Records launched it's first product in 2008; "Burn The Disco (move & dance)" by Slim K. For worldwide professional enquiries or business, please contact: doubajenrecords@gmail.com
It's not what I would call a cozy lovey-dovey photo, but they do look like a married couple, don't they?
hashtag – #amothersworkmeme)
Hubby Johnie Rotten came over to watch him work. I stopped Kat, asked him to reverse and KABOOM! Off the little guy went again. This time he was showing off. He ran, he bucked, he leaped in the air, he snorted and blew, dived at the ground and ran some more. He made quite a few laps on the end of the line and a few more after JR left before realizing, his audience was gone. When he figured that out- Kat settled into a trot for about four strides and stopped. He faced me and looked perplexed. "Where did he go? Wasn't he impressed?"
change that and the result is about to be witnessed by all.
Clean up and clean out ALL my email addresses and delete the OLD ones!! Unsubscribe from all the junk I get in my folders and organize the folders.
I would never again not have a response to "How's it hanging?"
“…just as certain families like the Whitney’s in the U.S. help dominate the Order of Skull & Bones.. William Collins Whitney (1841-1904) and his two sons are the core of the Whitney influence in the Order of the Skull & Bones. This Collins blood of the Whitney’s then went into the Harriman family. The Collins blood of the Whitney’s went into the Payne family and the Vanderbilt’s by intermarriage! William Collins Whitney was the power behind Pres Cleveland, who was his puppet. He also directed a group of powerful important capitalists called the Whitney Group. W.C. Whitney married Flora Payne. Their son Harry Payne Whitney married Gertrude Vanderbilt in 1896. Their son (and remember he still has Collins blood) Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney married Marie Norton who later married W. Averell Harriman (unit. into S&B in 1913), the man who helped finance Hitler to power…”
I started having mean thoughts about Pinterest. I didn't understand why this website was so intent on making me feel like I suck.
Denver retired with honors and went on to work in private investigation. This is when Grace finally took control of her life and the lives of her children. She filed for divorce and a judge, who didn’t care for Denver, gave her an order of protection so that Denver would be forced to leave their home. Without the state police force to back him up, Denver didn’t fight the divorce, and he gave Grace the divorce she wanted and moved to Texas, where he still lives today. As the years passed, Denver never contacted his children, except to ask them for money. Both boys knew their father wasn’t a real father to them so Denver’s actions weren’t a surprise to the boys. They cut all ties with their father, and they clung to their mother.
Coming now and every week: Do-It-Yourself Public Relations!
“You’re beautiful,” he said by way of introduction.
Across the valley, a crumbling grey edifice: the flint walls of Eynsford Castle. Another English Heritage property, I had planned to take a detour to explore the castle, but unfortunately it was closed on the date of my visit due to structural instability. Built on the site of an earlier Saxon settlement, the castle was constructed in the 1080s by William de Eynsford, and was abandoned after being vandalised in the early 14th century as a result of a feud between the Kirkeby and Criol families. Its only subsequent use was as hunting kennels in the 18th century, such that it remains a relatively undisturbed and well-preserved example of a Norman curtain-wall castle. Despite the lack of public access today – November 5th – there is plenty of activity as the villagers prepare for bonfire night. Not quite Edinburgh Castle at Hogmanay, it is nonetheless a spectacular setting for a fireworks display.
There is no point wasting any more time - this is absolutely top-drawer stuff, and easily one of the most refined and perfectly balanced ales I've yet come across.
It is a really bad habit and sometimes I go back and remove them or try and see if something can be altered to give the words the same effect.
“Okay, okay!!! But comeback before five !!!”
Critics of the law argue that it is being used to stifle discussion of the monarchy’s future, at a time of heightened public anxiety over the succession, because of the King’s age and frail health.
the fear of providing our general public with the enlightening new knowledge,
You are One and Only
Angela Cartwright That would be casting in bronze…I have to try it someday.
37. Allows me the time to cry when I need to. I’m not a man. I handle and process things differently.
Ta Parole est blessure
Our little Brady dude is 5 months old today. I cannot believe it. We went in for his 4 month well baby check, a full month behind due to the time in Chicago, the move, etc, etc. We drove through blizzard like weather to get to the appointment. It's never a simple task to leave the house in the winter with two small children either...Anyway, we got in the room and the nurse came and told us that they never recieved Brady's records from his old pediatrician (the records were requested about a week and a half ago) and we were not going to be able to do the appointment. HOW ANNOYING. I called our old pedi and they said that the records were sent out via snail mail TODAY. Dumb. So, I have no idea how much he weighs or any of that, and we have another appointment scheduled for 2 weeks from now.
Oddly enough, there have been books that have a huge page-count that I’ve flown through (the expanded edition of The Stand for example), while there are others with a shorter page-count that have bogged me down for one reason or another (a lot of times it may be that a book fails to engage me fully in the first 100 or so pages. I tend to try and give any book I read at least 100 pages to grab me. Harder to do with a Kindle, so it’s now either 100 pages or 20%).
15. Gross! Gross is one of the most overused words of the English language. Gross, is still used as a way for teens to define their inner meaning. Which means, parents get to hear, gross being bantered about a thousand times a day. “That’s so gross, Dude.” “Gross me out!”
Given that it is now all but illegal in South Africa to report the race of either victim or the perpetrator of a crime (unless the perpetrator is white and the victim black) and as modern South Africa's official crime statistics are notoriously massaged, it is impossible to know the exact numbers of farm murders that have taken place. Many reliable sources estimate the figure as close to 3,000, but even if we take the more conservative figure of 1,600 quoted in the politically correct South African press (but not quoted at all in ours) this is three times the numbers killed by the South African security forces over a period of 43 years, and which the UN calls a crime against humanity.
There are three styles of wool diaper covers, four if you count wraps separately. Each of the styles fit over a prefold or fitted diaper. You can also put a folded pre-fold or pad inside and pull on the wool cover. Soakers look like underwear and cover just the diaper area. The second are called shorties and they have a longer leg that goes to just above the knee. Lastly there are longies, these look like wool pants. Because wool is a natural and breathable product your baby can wear it year round. It is just a preference as the style you want them to wear. Little Man is wearing these at night to start so I am choosing the middle of the road style to keep him warm but not too hot either.
The Lord uses Ezekiel to deliver a very clear message to the house of Israel. “This says the Lord God: Will you defile yourselves after the manner of your fathers and go whoring after their detestable things?” (v 30). “What is in your mind shall never happen – the thought, ‘Let us be like the nations, like the tribes of the countries, and worship wood and stone.’ As I live, declared the Lord God, surely with a mighty hand and an outstretched arm and with wrath poured out I will be king over you… I will purge the rebels from among you, and those who transgress against me… Then you will know that I am the Lord” (v 33-38). The people are seeking to be like the other nations. Isn’t that exactly what we try to do sometime? We want so desperately to have everything the world offers, and be everything the world thinks we should be. For the Israelites, the Lord again says that He will purge those who rebel against His will. Here’s the part I really like. Refraining from truly, fully pouring out his wrath on Israel time after time, the Lord teaches of His mercy, reminding them, “you shall know that I am the Lord, when I deal with you for my name’s sake, not according to your evil ways, nor according to your corrupt deeds” (v 44).
I would type it out here, but I want to encourage you to watch the vid and see it for yourself ^^
In three years it has achieved little. Few prominent investigations have been opened, and the local judiciary has not improved appreciably. The difficult context partly explains this failure, but the main causes are internal – incompetence, weak management and possibly even disloyalty to the mission’s mandate.
The locals are invariably amused to see foreigners, and despite the crowded space, you'll be easily roped into a conversation with the characteristic Nepali smiles. During my sisters' visit from America, we met a gaggle of college students from Koteshwor. They had come all the way from campus to visit the shop so they could pig out and get a bit tipsy on chang within their student budgets while flirting with classmates.
A little while later, CP came over to me and mentioned that it was a nice night for a walk. So we went for a walk. I was bound and determined NOT to bring the subject up. I knew that if this adoption was meant to be, then he had to be the one to bring it up - I did NOT want to push him into something that he seemed so clearly against. It wasn't until we actually got back to our house and we were standing in the driveway that he mentioned the boy. He told me that JA had talked to him and asked if I was going to try and convince him to change his mind. I told him "No, you need to come to a decision on your own. You have valid concerns and this is a HUGE decision". We talked at length and I finally told him that he didn't have to give me an answer that night, but that he would need to make a decision soon or it would be too late for this boy.
This post is divided in three different parts. First part contains the recipe. This is a food blog after all.
so enchanted and divine
on a pack of twelve notecards too!
What I don't do is educate them as a means of becoming. A leader, a doctor, a business woman, a politician, an artist, a town planner, a biologist, a mother, a sportsman, successful, wealthy; take your pick.
You won the nomination on that lie and now it’s 19 months with 30-50K “non combat troops”. What, they won’t be equipped with guns? They won’t respond in an attack? Anyone in a country where we are fighting is a potential combat troop. The truth is you are following the agreement Bush made.
She’s a beautiful brown and white bird with a face that looks rather hawk-like.
And so, shameless hussy of an illness-tart that I am, I’m bloody well going to exploit it. I mean, hell, I’ve paid my taxes, I’ve been a good citizen, and I’ve sure as shit got a few extra quid in the karma account. Hence, I’ve been embracing the shiny new services like Imogen Thomas embraces a chance to get on telly, and being every bit as brazen with it. This isn’t just The Bullshit, it’s The Bullshit iOS 5 – which I chose to match by turning up to this week’s clinic not with a notebook of questions to ask, but an iPad onto which I could simultaneously type the answers as The Curly Professor spoke. (Never mind cancer-bitch; I suspect cancer-wanker may be more appropriate.)
in silver cans, suspended
Michelle had what appeared to be symbolic blood at her breast (Wisdom) and womb (Rebirth), a Luciferian “Blood Feast Sacrifice” out of something like the Horror Classic, “Carrie”. Below, Malia is dressed in a pool of red, the Blood Sacrifice. Sasha (Alexandra the Great) was dressed in black for a funeral, the Luciferian sacrifice.
DOC: Yes. You need to do everything on it.
Your doctor has something you want that you cannot give to yourself. Do your best to elicit a positive response from your doctor. It’s just common sense.
Devon trying parasailing the first time, Tara going on an ATV expedition.
A Linux based web browser:
How my mind is racing!
He who would write a poem builds a kite
Archie can’t wait to get back in the house, so he won’t take a step out of sight of the door. Unfortunately that means he won’t go near anywhere sheltered. Poor soggy moggy!
Preheat the oven to 200°C/180°fan/gas mk 6. Base line and grease three 20cm sandwich tins.
“Mom? Junior walked to me. He took his first steps.”
This is a very important sign of the end: the falling away or apostasy and the coming of the man of lawlessness, which is Antichrist. On this subject I would like focus quite a bit of our attention. This concept of apostasy is a key one with which to understand the events of our times. It is too big of a topic to go into completely now. But briefly: a student of history, looking at the whole past two thousand years of history, especially Western history, can see a continuous thread of development. And in these last nine hundred or thousand years, you can see the various strands which go to make up our modern history and modern civilization. The civilization of today is shaped by the events and developments of yesterday.
3 teaspoons cinnamon
2) I've had a LO published in a magazine
The big old screen door also came from
*You can also find out if there is a Bookmobile and see if it can visit somewhere near your house once or twice a month. Often, Bookmobile checkouts do not carry fines for overdues, and I know personally how much money THAT can save. You can usually request the books and videos you want online, and the bookmobile will deliver them to the site you ususally visit. We are blessed to have the bookmobile come to our house...you could try getting a few families to commit to joining you and see if you can host a bookmobile stop, too!
Well hello! Late night post!
I looked down over the edge at the vast expanse of water far below.The muddy brown water was twinkiling and inviting in this devilish heat,but hell it was a long way down. “How far down do you reckon?” “Bout six fifty maybe seven hundred feet” replied Milligan as he tossed a pebble into the air. I watched it tumble down until it was no longer visible and waited for the splash in the water below.It hit the dirty water and sent out a ripple that sparkled in the blazing sun. “Nine seconds” said Milligan “Well it seemed a lot longer than that to me” “Yip! The longest nine seconds of your life” “How deep you reckon it is?” “There just aint no way to tell,but I dont see no rocks, they could be under the water but there aint no way to tell” he replied
Basic Series Map Skills (Grades 6-8)
She turned her face back to the pillow; the surrender was unbelievably beautiful; I raised the flogger and flicked her gently across her ass, which had to be tender already from the slaps.
I'm back with slimming world recipes this week as I feel and look like a hippo and want to be a svelt gazelle (cant see that happening but a thin hippo would be a nice compromise) So its chicken and spinach curry for tea tonight mmmnnnn
No good you say
I spent quite a bit of time yesterday reading and watching videos and the sadness was dispelled often when I was reminded of the funny and fun loving side of him. At the bottom of this post is a photo he would probably have enjoyed very much.
doron…
The next step is to make the "Underdrapery" and the "Overdrapery". For that I like to use a "Pretty Pleater" by D. Anne Ruff. http://www.danneruff.com/ I have read elsewhere that others don't like this device because it makes panels that look like a "wasboard". True, it does create that look but you don't have to leave them that way. How you finish and install your treatment will determine washboard or not. This is a great tool for pleating.
Bit by Bit is a blog created and maintained by Elementary School Technology Integrator, Bob Sprankle. Sprankle discusses the use of LiveScribe and other new technology recording devices in the classroom, as well as posts about the iPhone’s usefulness with regards to parent-teacher communication. Sprankle also discusses how to use Google to teach critical thinking and perform accurate and compelling research.
Should we fight the whole world’s battles?
The women were Mary Magdalene, Joanna, and Mary the mother of James; the others who accompanied them also told this to the apostles, but their story seemed like nonsense and they did not believe them.
Thou art alone the one from whom I took
College, the Jesuit Fairfield University, and the Jesuit Fordham
Growing up each year on May 1st, I remember my sisters and I going down into the family room and "secretly" working on May Day baskets out of construction paper. Then we'd go out to our mother's flower beds and pick flowers to fill these baskets all the time trying to remain unseen. Then we would cross over the covered bridge between our house and our grandmother's house, pausing at the top of the path to be sure my grandma wasn't outside or anywhere to be seen. After we were sure she was no where to be found we would race across her lawn to the neighbor on the other side of her house, an older woman who lived all alone and hang a basket on her door, knock on the door and then hide around the corner of the house. We'd wait until we heard her open the door, discover the basket of flowers, call out a "thank you" and then we'd sneak back over to Grandma's house. This was more tricky as there are windows all over the side of the house, but one of us would hang the basket on the Grandma's door, ring the doorbell and then join the others behind the bushes at the end of the house. After hearing her discover her basket we would then return home and be sure that our mom was inside before leaving the basket on the front door, ringing the doorbell and then running around to go in the back door to pretend we had been home the whole time. Although this was many years ago, each year at the start of May I think about these days and smile, remembering those special May Days.
What should you take away from this review?
After my second tubal pregnancy I realized 3 children was all I could I give birth to and I wanted to adopt a fatherless child through DHS. But more than this I wanted His plan for my life. I see it unfolding.
Tools: Simply Scored, Stampin Dimensionals, SNAIL, Crimper, Paper Piercer, Everyday Enchantment Brads.
Is The Ice Pirates funny at all, then? There is ONE scene at the end where everyone, good guys and bad guys, end up fighting on their spaceship as it goes through a time warp, and everyone rapidly ages and time passes in fits and lurches while people sprout ridiculously long gray/white hairdos, babies get born, age and become old enough to join in the fray, robots get beaten up, repair themselves and get upgrades and everyone runs around like a Benny Hill sketch. THAT much is funny, but it doesn't last nearly as long as it should to make up for the deadeningly brain-numbing stupidity we witnessed before.
The ladies are going to arrive soon for class. Sarah is home and should be here-it will depend on how tired she is. Survivor and Idol tonight. With all the TV watching in my near future I could have Tea Leaves finished by the time I come back to work on Tuesday.
THIS IS THE FUTURE!
So it’s up to you. Show you care about this country or continue hitting Romney. Your choice.
2:25 p.m. — 10 minutes remaining. Added 0.5 teaspoons yeast nutrient.
If you are an old university romantic, these wonderful romantic quotations will motivate you, certainly.
The library offers so many wonderful mind jogging opportunities. If I ever get stuck with an empty brain I am right there. One books leads to another and a million new questions spread and grow. It is lovely.
'It's Christmas time, there's no need to be afraid'!
Fabric type: Modacrylic
Feeling pent-up pressure, staying alive!
Oh – and about determining the speed of light. Think about it. I believe Galileo once took a stab at this by stationing observers facing one another from different mountain peaks. They then uncovered a lantern at a predetermined time. No luck. Light is much too fast for this kind of experiment. Hey – light could go completely around the Earth more than seven times in a second! But here’s how Jupiter’s moons helped determine the speed of light more than 300 years ago! These kinds of discoveries always leave me in awe at how brilliant the discoverers were and how precisely they were able to make observations with tools that were not nearly as good as the inexpensive telescopes available to anyone today. The account which follows can be read in full here. It is from a posting by Michael Fowler of the University of Virginia Physics Department. One more thing to appreciate as you watch Jupiter’s moons.
above the stars of God;
One of our holiday traditions is the Cookie Extravaganza. Usually with in a week before Christmas, we get together and decorate cookies.
So, when a girl doesn't feel her best, a bubble bath usually does the trick...
With "cybersecurity" morphing into a new "public-private" iteration of the "War On Terror," WSJ reporter Siobhan Gorman disclosed that giant defense contractor Raytheon "recently won a classified contract for the initial phase of the surveillance effort valued at up to $100 million."
Your listing must be for sale for the duration of the challenge (not made to order), unless it sells from your shop. If that happens, please alert the moderators to your sale, and you can still participate. If you must reserve your listing for purchase, please follow Etsy's recommendations and edit both your title and your description to begin with: "RESERVED FOR (buyer's Etsy username, or designation of buyer's choice) ONLY." Etsy does not allow the listing of items not for sale, so reserving your entry to sell elsewhere or keep for yourself is not permitted. Please do not put your shop on vacation mode when you have an item entered in the challenge, or deactivate your entry from the time you list, until the close of the challenge. If you must be away from your shop, please leave your challenge entry active, with a message explaining the date the item will shipped if purchased."
Today, someone who I guess you could call "The Noble Daughter" (Noble? We'll see...) is doing a guest post on one of her absolute favorite things: Pinning!
Americans need to be aware that major environmental organizations such as the Sierra Club and Friends of the Earth are desperate to maintain the fictions required to deprive the U.S. of the energy it needs to function.
I've always felt that I missed out in the great moments of history: the Women's Suffrage movement, the end of WWII, the Civil Rights Movement, the Kennedy Administration, the space race. Times that formed our nation's consciousness and helped make us a country that people looked up to.
Asked by the judge for the reason it occurred, counsel replied: 'Because she was on a rollercoaster and there was no right time to tell somebody who thought he was the father of the child. She was in an almost impossible position so far as coming clean,' counsel added.
Regardless of some odd design choices I still rather like this it.
COmmentator Responses :
What you’re giving 65% off clear braces? Nope, still don’t want them.
I’ve already let slip this new book’s working title, which is The Frozen King, so I can safely blab that out again. I’m happy to tell you it’s a short novel (first draft just under 62,000 words) and that the story is essentially a murder mystery – not something I’ve written before. One of the great pleasures of getting it to this stage has been slowly crawling my way up the whodunnit learning curve, which proved to be rather steeper than I’d anticipated.
Now match points and pin for NE, NW, SE and SW. And finally pin two additional times between each of the eight compass points.
While one can take issue with some of the language used – fate of the whole world being one – it is important to understand the scale of the threat, and why there are no easy and quick solutions. The risks from spent fuel have been known almost since the beginning of nuclear power – the radiation levels are so high that without shielding, direct exposure to spent fuel rods is fatal. Despite this knowledge the world proceeded to deploy nuclear power reactors – led by the United States – that has created a total global inventory of over one quarter of million tons. Most of this is stored in water filled pools. In addition to creating a massive plutonium stock – 2500 tons (contained in spent fuel) and compared with the micro-grams that were valued above gold in 1944 by the engineers running the Manhattan project – the spent fuel crisis has spread worldwide to every nation operating nuclear reactors.
Thing or person you would like to be in your next life
You’ll make new friends
So, since I have not tatted for a while I will post my knitting stuff. But I have been working the shuttle trying to get some gifts done for Christmas and realized that I really am a bit rusty.
Amongst the haul of tools I recently purchased was a small and curious hammer. Quite old, it has an interesting shape with an octagonal section, one slightly rounded face and a cross pein. Both peins have a lot of reach. I’ve never seen one like it but it looks like it might be a very useful tool. Currently sans handle, I thought I’d have a bit of a google and see if I can find one.
*This dish freezes well. Once the stew has cooled, you can place it in the fridge to solidify the fat. Skim off the fat, transfer into storage containers, and freeze until later use. The texture of the egg whites will change once frozen, but not in a bad way. It tends to get layer-y, but still totally delicious.
"I don't know why Romney has to pick on me, because I am the man that had the guts to send the helicopters into Iran. I risked my presidency, and lost, but at least I tried. What was Romney doing at that time? Oh, living off his dad's fortune. If I wasn't a Christian, I would tell him where to go, but hopefully people will see him as a rich man trying to buy the White House." Jimmy Carter told reporters.
Goodies Used: Whimsy sentiment scorpal,gems from mei flower,cardstock papermill
For those who have not seen the movie here is a little blurb about it...
The welfare of our souls and bodies also depends on two-way forgiveness. Guilt and bitterness eat away at us. Both are associated with personality troubles and physical ailments. We can make both a matter of prayer. “Forgive us our debts” takes care of our true moral guilt for the things that we do wrong. And because we have forgiveness, we can take honest assessments of ourselves, which hastens our sanctification. However, because bitterness is as bad or worse that unresolved guilt, Jesus tells us to link the two. “Father, forgive us to the same degree that we forgive others.” Jesus has more to say on this, and I will defer more comments until that time as well. Suffice it to say that it is unbalanced to ask to have our guilt removed so that we can stand comfortably in the Father’s presence, when there are people that we exclude from our lives because they wronged us. If it is good for us to receive forgiveness, it is even better that we give it. Plus, if we have a heart that carries no grudges, then we have confidence at this point in our prayer that we have received the Father’s forgiveness. That is an excellent thing.
PRESIDENT KARZAI: (Interpretation begins in progress) — prosperity and peace for the people of Afghanistan.
I've got a number of events booked up for Wasted, in Glasgow, Dundee, Fortrose, Manchester, Derby and elsewhere. Happy to take another booking or two in November and a couple each in January, February and March. See the events page of my author website.
you just pretend it does and act normal.
Friday found me once again sending out CVs with my friend who is job-seeking. As I mentioned in my last blog, he has been made redundant for the third time in just over six months. I know from other friends who are in the same position [here in the 'prosperous South East'] it is necessary if one is lucky enough to have access to a computer to spend a lot of time each day on the JobCentre web site put up by Direct Gov. Quite a frustrating site really, but then these sort of sites always are and after one has spent a few hours reading through the jobs on offer and following up links etc the 'translations' begin to flow easily and reading between the lines becomes easy. As always what is not said is more important that what is written down.
Just imagine all the fun you can create with these festive St. Patrick's day sentiments mixed with faces that are fabulous for ANY day! Create your own custom little characters with feet and arms that whimsically fit right to the face (once punched out on a sheet of cardstock).
4. Hiilawe
With so many choices
Louis, Tutti’s Trumpets
"A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden, fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends who rejoice with us in our sunshine desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts." ~Washington Irving
There it is, there is the first of it, but please, let us carry on.
Neighbor Kid #2: (together) We can make the difference!
Touch: The scratchy wool sweater I'm wearing (that really needs be replaced with a soft, cozy sweatshirt!)
I wish House and Home (which is quickly becoming my favorite mag) would publish photos to go with their TV episodes so I can pin them! Is there some hidden cache I don't know about?
Snowy Egret
1st prize is £1000; 2nd Prize is £400; 3rd Prize is £300. Additional Prize is a personal tour with Mark Cocker of his most cherished wildlife places in East Anglia.
The world has become smaller through modern technology, and keeping up is a constant challenge. Though our library staff juggles to the best of their ability, our library is sadly outdated and its resources stretched to the point of breaking. Of course, choosing fund allocation in our community is always a difficult decision when there are so many worthy projects needing to be considered. If we look down the road to see which of these projects will have lasting value for our community, we believe that a new library is one such project that will bring our town in line with the future. Voting for the new library will be held May 15, but if you are unable to do so then, you may vote at the courthouse from now through May 11.
So where are the international observers (band in Yankee land that as a two faced strumpet demands them everywhere else)? Where are the headline news stories? Where are the crowds demanding recount?
WELL AT THE MOMENT I AM LISTENING TO THE NEWS AND THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT FOOTBALL, SO NOT AS UN INTERRUPTED AS I HAD OF HOPED FOR
The shortcakes themselves—a sweet variation on a classic biscuit—are easy enough to make. Some shortcake recipes call for a variety of dairy products to bind the dry ingredients together, producing a base that could range from flaky-layered biscuits to tender-crumbed scones, and I’ve even seen recipes that incorporate finely chopped hard-boiled egg yolks into the mixture. But this recipe plays it clean and straight, requiring only chilled butter and some cream to transform ordinary flour, sugar and baking powder into extraordinary little shortcakes.
Mrs. ZZUB got to say goodbye to him too. She also rubbed his head and talked with him. Told him he'd been a good boy. And for the last few minutes of his life it was how it once had been: Stafford and his mom and dad.
While conducting some campaign research with a focus group, the positive and usually cheerful Leslie encounters the unthinkable: someone out there just plain doesn’t like her. Is that even possible? Find out why after the jump!
No, it doesn’t work like that. I can already abstractly decide that I should believe that. Nope. I still don’t believe it. Maybe it works with her other clients, but not me. Why should I even think I’m that special? It’s not that. It’s just that I can’t operate the way she’s telling me to, and she won’t give me any other solutions.
Source: Times Online
Lucinda is drawn to one person at school and that is Daniel Grigori. She is unsure why and he appears to have the opposite feeling about her. At the same time she is warned to stay away from him and is sort of charmed by another classmate Cam, who appears to be able to provide picnics and limo rides and tons of other contraband items.
Employers: If you cannot describe your opportunity in 1-2 sentences (3 if you have tendency to ramble), do not reply to my job inquiry. Save us both the hassle.
So it isn't climate change, aka global warming, after all. It's just weather.
When sizzle, add hing,green chilli and curry leaves.Add the tomoto and give a stir.
we have another food-related that's what he said wednesday today. seems the baby is full of them lately!
We talked about how even though toasters and hairdryers were made up of similar things, they were very good at different jobs.
Welcome Linda!!!
The third major character, Hrathen, could technically be considered a villain. He is a priest/warrior-monk who has been sent to convert Arelon to the Fjordell religion. If Arelon isn’t converted within three months, his superiors will destroy it. However, conversion to the Fjordell religion would mean a loss of Arelon’s autonomy, as the religion is based on hierarchy and obedience. I thought that it was a very interesting choice to use a villain as a major protagonist. It definitely made the book more interesting, especially as we came to understand Hrathen’s motives and his own misgivings.
LECTURES include - Deeper into Nothing - How to Build a House for €25,000
for this card. With 4 grandsons, I tend to lean towards boy cards.
__________________________________________________________________
Where did I go wrong that I can’t understand this- we must stand together and things will improve?
but at least I don't have to wear the panel jeans anymore.
Now, a couple of weeks ago I went to the Quai des Bulles festival (I'm going to write more on that in another post quite soon, I promise) which is in St Malo (the picture at the top here is one I drew at the festival and brought home and colored up - now I got my scanner working again! YAY!). Right up to that point I was working crazy hours getting A Princess of Mars done. And about a week before the trip to France (my only break since April really) I was thinking 'this is great, this is going great. I'm gonna get the book done and have time to relax a little and unwind before I go away. I've got DAYS left! Everything is gonna be just fine.' What could possibly go wrong, right?
Because of the tight balance between potassium and sodium, it is important to consume these minerals in the right amounts. In our often salt-laden diets, we consume nearly twice the amount of sodium than potassium, throwing this balance out of whack and increasing the need for our forgotten mineral friend. Luckily, this is an easy fix. Lighten up on refined and packaged foods, as these almost always carry mother loads of sodium (check the labels!). Instead munch on whole, unprocessed goodies like fruits and veggies, which contain an abundance of potassium that is easily used by the body.
This car and
The food for the office Thanksgiving luncheon was all set up and ready to be eaten. Workers summoned for the feast from different departments stood about awkwardly, hungry but mindful of the need to wait for some kind of “GO!” command.
You must score at least 70% on each module quiz to move forward in the course. You will be given up to THREE opportunities to pass each module quiz.
She glanced up at Midget. His eyes seemed sad, and she knew he hadn’t been referring to intrusive noises in the desert.
Wolf begins by painting a surprisingly quaint picture of the scene of the execution which I won't quote in depth; peaceful, gentle, humane. Lovely in all aspects really, with only the minor niggle of a man being slowly killed by the state having to be glossed over. "Putting down the family dog would have been a lot worse", claims Wolf, before embarking on one of those sentences you have to read numerous times, from different angles, possibly getting a trained professional to confirm that you just saw it;Far from an execution, this was more like state-ordered euthanasia.So...an execution, then? I'm not sure how something can be 'far from' being the thing that it is, but then I guess that's why I don't get paid the big bucks to write for the Daily Mail. It takes a special breed of...well, something. I kind of wonder why he stopped at 'euthanasia' in his brazen attempt to cutesify the fact though. Why not call it 'judge-encouraged natural causes'? Or 'state-nudged endless sleepytime'? I worry that some of these writers lack ambition.
I want to dip back into my photos for March 23 (or whatever week I am doing) and find photos from that day from other years. Or as close to that day as I happened to blog/take photos.
Corruption and lack of understanding of REAL values in wasting money on things like cigars much like 100K luxury handbags or 150K champagnes while 99% of the population starves, is partly why the Manchu led Qing Manchu minority led Dynasty led China to the 1911 colonization situation.
Sharpening her Machete to fight undead hordes,
Fell runners of the UK seem to have latched on to this concept decades ago with the establishment of the Bob Graham Round--a link-up of 42 peaks in less than 24 hours in the English Lake District. Legendary fell runner Joss Naylor built on this concept by eventually stringing together 72 peaks (and 105mi/38,000' of vert!) in 23:20 in 1975. The Round has never become a formal race but records are kept for the route and as with any FKT-style effort, the spirit of moving quickly on inspiring, gnarly terrain is at the core of these feats' appeal.
When they teach you the ABCDEFGHI mnemonic in your TNCC and ENPC classes, please don't gloss over the F is for Family part.
The room looks like this:
nicest thing I have ever received in a swap. I just
Now a lot of the complementary colors are being used (see the blue face he has right now?) I'm working a lot with Indigo Blue and Tuscan Red to create a nice dark color that I then go over with Black or Dark Umber colors. Also when I work with color pencils I make sure that I really get them ingrained into the tooth of the board. I really don't do the whole light layering technique, but more of a 'really push them in there and get those layers built up' approach. I think that is how I get a painterly effect with them (most people confuse my color pencils for either acrylic or oil paintings).
Balsamic and lime dressing - My Father’s Daughter does not contain many salad recipes – such a shame. With a spring book release, prime salad season is upon us. So instead of following a salad recipe, I decided to make my own green salad and try a dressing from Paltrow’s book. It was satisfactory, but not amazing: heavy on the olive oil (as her other dressings appear to be), hinting at a European flavor. For the North American palette, I would suggest less oil, a little more balsamic and a lot more lime.
So one last touch and then you'll go
626. Giada Solana’s Pasta @ The Flynn House (Hatfield, PA) 9:58 p.m.
I did not know if I had gotten that split moment when Maya came out…so happy editing photos.
Setting sun wrapped up the day
There is a movement started by Arctic Patriot to buy a gun on election day to send a message. Let's all ramp that message up by buying field equipment and ammo for that gun purchase from now until November. The powers that be are watching all commerce. They will see that it is not just a few people, not just sunshine patriots with a box of ammo who will go quietly home when the rain starts to fall. A firearm needs support gear and lots of food to be effective. So do you. With effectiveness comes respect. The DHSS goon squad does not respect you, me, or anyone else. They will respect the big battalions ready to play hardball.
So for today I pulled out the Biggest Loser DVD and did 10 min cardio, 10 min lower, and 10 min abs. It was a good workout!
involved.
Here I will insert my biggest rational fear. I fear spiders, I fear snakes, and I fear other things, but those are all irrational fears. However, I find this fear perfectly rational. I fear going blind. I got my first pair of glasses in first grade. I realize that children are getting glasses earlier and earlier these days, but in my childhood you didn’t see four-year olds wearing glasses. I still remember what it felt like to leave the eye doctor’s, look outside and see the world. Who knew that you could see leaves on trees? My eyesight continually got worse, and I got new glasses every six months. I remember loving life every time I left with new glasses. Reading every sign in sight because for the first time in a long time I could. The first time I watched Forget Paris, I wondered if I had been as obnoxious as the father-in-law. Finally in third grade I got contacts to try to stop my eyes from changing. But my eyes continued to get worse. I will say with joy that I have had the same prescription for at least the last 6 years. But before getting to that point I’ve had many times at the doctor’s office being told that if my eyes got too much worse I’d have problems correcting them, fortunately technology always stayed ahead of my eyesight. I was told I wouldn’t be able to get proper correction for glasses because the lenses would be too thick, but new technology changed the way lenses are made and I’ve never been stuck with Coke bottle lenses. I do have to stick with smaller frames because the distortion at the edges would be too much for larger frames, but current fashions favor smaller frames. I’ve always been at the cut off for the contact lenses I’ve needed. When the strongest they made was a minus eight, that was my prescription, and by the time I needed to upgrade that prescription was available. Yet, for a long time I seemed to me that my ability to have eyesight corrected to 20/20 was limited. Someday I would have to give up life as a person who could read the signs. And with that I would give up my current level of independence. Even now that my eyes have stopped changing, I have great appreciation for the ability to see. So an eye problem had to be dealt with immediately.
Annnyway, the excitement does still outweigh the nervousness, which is a good thing, and I'm really excited to be going!
Have you ever wanted to own a Designer Handbag but the cost was just too high? Well now you can own one at Pre-Owned Handbags 4 Less at a fraction of the original cost.
Victoriana (at least the way it is perceived by a modern reader)
Jack has been having a ripping time, literally…nothing is safe around him! I got him some massive bones from the butcher yesterday and he has been crunching and chewing away to his heart’s content! I can’t quite get over just how intelligent he is! I would advise anyone thinking of getting a pet to visit their local animal sanctuary first…you might be as lucky as myself and come away with a gem like Jack!
Detailing joints are designed as a part of waterproofing system. They are vital to impart water tightness at structure details such as pipe penetrations and changes in planes prior to application of primary waterproofing compounds.
Personally, I'll take the third position -- I'll assert that market is the most important factor in a startup's success or failure.
I get back in the car and we start off again. Guess what….. The bitch gets on her cell again. I turn the radio up. She gets the point and gets off the phone. The bitch makes a comment about seeing if we can catch an earlier flight. THIS IS THE SMARTEST THING TO EVER COME OUT OF HER MOUTH. Soon as we get close to Denver my buddy calls to check on available flights. Of course the automated system sucks and the operator is a moron. We find out that there are no available flights out. We arrive at Denver international at about 100 pm. As we are pulling in we are talking about what we were going to do. My suggestion is to check in, check our luggage and see about an earlier flight. We stop in a no parking zone so that we can unload our luggage. We get our luggage and we are talking about the plan. The bitch just walks off. I’m thinking what the fuck. Does she not want to be part of the decision? Does she just want to stay at the airport? The three of them check in all luggage and they all come back to the truck.
After debating on what would truly make me happy, I've came to the conclusion.... that I need to be a veterinarian. As much as I love animals and as passionate as I am about them, I just feel so compelled to help them. I know that no matter what job I have, that there will always be a down side to them. I get that. I just know that I need to do it now rather than waiting if I'm going to do it.
Like I said, don’t think that I write this from a position of having lived the fairytale/dream life. I don’t. I write from this position because I know how tough life can be. But here’s the thing – your glass can be half full, or your glass can be half empty – that’s something you can control – because you choose how you want to be.
Now I run when I feel like, like to chill and watch various reality TV shows.
Machine Gun
And the white rose is a dove.
I don't know what got us hooked on this show, but we love it. Funny with some drama and romance thrown in, there's something for everyone. My favorite characters are Hardison and Parker, Elliot coming in at a close third. You can find this group of grifters and theives on TNT.
Coarse salt and ground pepper
After measuring the aperture in the frame I printed the image slightly longer than the centre oval on sticky back canvas. I drew the cutting line by laying the shrink plastic frame over the picture and drawing around the inside edge. When cut out on this line the image was a perfect fit for the frame.
Scorpio is a blend of golden reddish brown – like an oxide color
In the name of Ganj-e Shakar (Nizamuddin Aulia's pir),
I loved both of these girls from beginning to end! Even when they made mistakes and trusted the wrong people, they were realistic and fun and easy to relate to. Izzie didn't take crap from anybody, and Mira surprised me by being more artistic and confident than I expected.
TL;DR - It's like Die Hard. On an airplane. And the good guy is black. - 6/10
Demons: They haunt us from the time we are little and continue lurking through our entire lives. They are the monsters in the closet, the boogie man under the bed; the images in our minds composed of all the stories we hear from those around us. Demons are the monsters that are created out of pure insecurity and cliché. From a young age we are led to believe that parts of life are meant to scare us. These fears cause us to lose sleep, to question every move we make, and they slow us down from prevailing through challenges. When we are younger, we eventually grow out of our silly fears, because we realize that there aren’t really monsters in the closet and so forth. At this time we are in our young adult to adult years; these are the years when we are faced with the opportunities in life that will ultimately turn our caterpillars into butterflies.
In Indian classical music, each swara (note) has a specific colour and when in combination with each other, various Ragas (tunes) are created(Samaveda has mentioned the 7 swaras, their respective colours, related god, grahas(planets) etc.). The corresponding colours of these swaras (or notes, the Indian equivalent of Do, Re, Mi…)are as follows: Sa- Green, Ri- Red, Ga- Golden, Ma- White/ Yellowish tint, Pa- Blue, Dha- Yellow, Ni- Multicoloured.
When asked how Santam’s agency, King James, reacted to Nando’s response, they say “no one ever spoofs the spoofer, so we did.” Nando’s has chosen to remain elusive by answering the ‘what next’ question as to whether there will be rebuttal with maybe, maybe not.
I’m not troubled by President Obama’s slow jam with Jimmy Fallon, who dubbed the commander in chief “preezy” during Obama’s appearance on late-night TV. No, preezy is making me queasy because his nonstop campaigning is looking, well, sleazy — and his ad suggesting that Mitt Romney wouldn’t have killed Osama bin Laden is just the beginning of it.
Please do help …
1 latent
Under Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu, the government initiated a policy to demolish unauthorized Jewish homes on private Palestinians property.
The MetCon was DIANE! OH DIANE! Diane consists of Dead Lifts and HSPUs (Handstand Push Ups) for 21, 15, 9. For y’all new to CrossFit or unaware of CrossFit that means do 21 dead lifts, 21 hspus, 15 dead lifts, 15 hspus, 9 dead lifts and 9 hspus. YAY FUN! Right?!? Hello? Who’s with me here?
Busy students...love that sight :) I had a great time meeting the students. Some I knew from past retreats *waves to the Reading girls* and others were new faces. All were equally welcoming and a great bunch of women x
I decided to make a couple small pizzas with Italian meats, provolone cheese, and other items I found in my fridge. For the crust, I used store-bought tandoori naan bread. They make the perfect individual pizza crusts.
Fresh or Frozen Parsley
Two things happened yesterday that suggest to me that the Australian economy could be headed for recession. The first was the collapse of the First Fleet trucking company and the second was the release of the Australian Industry Group’s Performance of Service Index (PSI) which slumped 7.4 points. Houses and Holes covered it well in his piece here yesterday which he title “Something just snapped in the economy”.
And while we know he will finally learn what he was missing in not having a loving wife and a family we kind of do feel sorry for him that he has lost everything he has earned. Yes, because of the liberal media, we have an image of Wall Street execs as these heartless monsters who live to crush those below them. We all know when we stop to think logically that people on Wall Street are no better or worse than their middle and lower class counterparts (they have morons to geniuses, monsters to saints) but we seldom see the good depicted in the media. But it’s refreshing to see Jack Campbell depicted as not just human, but a good man, even before his switch. He knows people’s names and talks with them like equals, gives free advice, he even has an assistant whom he seems to encourage her to constantly insult him to keep him grounded…and, of course, moves to saves people’s lives when he is under no obligation. The movie has the great point that money isn’t evil nor a job unfulfilling…but even those are nothing compared to the joy of true love and a family.
Docetism: the doctrine that while Jesus was totally God, he only appeared or seemed to be human (from the Gk. Dokew, to seem or appear). Generally refers to any theory which denies the full humanity of Christ.
I love the fact that scrapping gives one the opportunity to give thought to your feelings and emotions when creating a project, and this one really did. It was very good for my soul!! Maybe do a little something for the soul today??
Needful Things is the last major story in King's string of tales taking place in the sinister fictional town of Castle Rock, Maine, where there have been many horrific occurrences that continually add to the town's evilness. The latest foe is a demon disguised as a man named Leland Gaunt who opens a new store in Castle Rock called Needful Things. Gaunt seems to have just what each resident wants the most, and he'll give it to you for a fair price. Somehow knowing all the townspeople's deepest secrets, Gaunt pits one person against another by having them play pranks on random people, until the seemingly innocent fun turns nothing short of deadly.
Why are you doing this City of Fremantle? Why don’t you support local people who create fantastic markets and raise funds for the school at the same time. What is the matter with this stupid greedy attitude. Do you really intend to kill all initiatives? You are a bunch of boring, narrow minded bureaucrats, and that is the reason nothing ever happens in this city. Shame on you, you are making us the joy-kill capital of Australia!!
The most obvious and easy way is to choose is Epicurus’s way of thinking. There is nothing out there. No control, no out of this world punishment. So it this scenario you do anything you want in order to be happy. No reservations. You can either do it rationally and think about each step or just go crazy and see what happens. Probably it all depends on your character. This solution is dreamt of by those who only look for excuse to break the rules, sin or just party hard.
Because of active compounds contained, peppermint & spearmint have sedative, disinfectant and cicatrizing properties. They can be successfully used in gastro-intestinal disorders, helps the liver and calms indigestion. Mint and spearmint contains menthol, menthone, menthofuran, a-pinene, limonene, cardinene, acetic aldehide, isovaleriana, vitamin C and antibiotic substances that have been used for centuries as a natural remedy to ease or “possibly” cure disease, cancer and infection throughout the body.
I posted a story on aisledash.com today titled Extreme Beauty where we featured some cosmetic treatments you may be considering, including lash extensions that last for months, specific hair treatments, teeth whitening and botox. These aren't that extreme when you think about the lengths people have and will go to make themselves over.
THE DARK IS RISING by Susan Cooper is a masterpiece. It’s so big and sweeping and strange and yet so controlled and focused and human. She makes epic look easy.
Very little else is written about the African community at Wingfield – is the time right for the ancestors to be acknowledged and their contribution to the continuance of the African in the Caribbean honoured.
2011, the five-year, 14%
I have finally put down my needle and thread for Easter - and am taking a couple of days break from creating to enjoy some family time over the weekend.
EC: ‘No, just make noises’.
The second beer was another long standing favourite of mine. It's Harviestoun's Schiehallion and as Pete Brown said in introducing the beer, "It proves that lager can be just as good as an ale". Some discussion followed as to whether it is a lager or a pale ale. It's a lager due to it's method of production but it ultimately doesn't matter. You can call it what you want. I call it a bloody nice beer.
Another parallel to creative copywriting I found in my reading material today (tell me what it is and I'll send you a prize), this time from the world of comedy.
THE HOUSE OF THE DEAD 4 KATE AVATAR – 4/17
On Saturday night Mr Neville Joseph, his wife and their two friends with two children were attacked on their small holding the rest in Nelspruit. They were having a braai when three armed men stormed on to them, the armed men then spoke to them in afrikaans and English telling them that they will not be harmed,the women were then told to give up their jewellery, Mr Neville Joseph then over heard them talking to one another in Zulu that they were going to first rape the women then kill all of them, luckily Mr Joseph understood their language, Mr Farreira took action and threw one of the attackers with a chair and Mr Joseph also jumped them, they ran around the house then a shot was fired hitting Mr Joseph in his stomach, more shots were then fired but luckily no one was hit! The nearby security heard the shots and the Joseph family also pushed the panic button at this time the attackers fled! Mr Joseph is in hospital and doing ok! His wife is very traumatized but also ok
ghee/ oil - 1/2 tsp
June 12 - Carl Gardner, pop vocalist (The Coasters), 83
8. Memphis Tigers
Every doddery old twat holding up the fast lane.
Of these can only see maybe Nash, Woodgate and Fuller possibly staying on. Plus players like Diego Arismendi, Danny Higginbotham and Michael Tonge all have a year left on their contracts but look set to leave in the summer if they can find new clubs.
Yeah, I said TEST. Because I did not TEST the first (or second or third) time I went through this process (which - SHOCKER) and ended up having to untwist and remelt 20 tubes of lip balm because the shit was too solid in its cooled state to be used as lip balm. You remember. I said this earlier.
Last year’s Quiz Party raised over £150,000 towards our funding, so fingers crossed for equal success this year.
You are a high maintenance person. You feel lost outside of your normal environment. Used to me, I’m not any more.
From the Other side I have Shadowed many different people down the long years. Most of my Subjects were defined as good, although a few were labelled evil; some were ordinary and others again reckoned great in the eyes of their fellows. Some died young and beautiful, and at other times I watched an ageing, wrinkled face and longed once more for the freedom of the Pool. I have been – fortunately – truly skeletal only once, and in the process of reflecting decay, I hid myself in the outermost planes before the clean bones came, and finally the blessed release handed down by the Law. I spent many ages after this particular episode in the Pool; it is understood by all that the cleansing, healing process is especially necessary after such a Shadowing.
5. Scout aka Robyn is incredible! She writes not only her blog, but for her local newspaper, she's a musician, she makes gorgeous jewelry and is just all around FANTASTIC!
My personal top 10 films of all time coming soon….
means for verifying the calling party responsive to a code transmitted from the calling party station to the special exchange so as to verify that the code matches the special customer code in the memory means and the calling party has unused credit; and
“The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation. At the head is a small group of banking houses… This little coterie…runs our government for their own selfish ends. It operates under cover of a self-created screen…seizes…our executive officers…legislative bodies…schools… courts…newspapers and every agency created for the public protection.” – John F. Hylan, Mayor of New York, Mayor, 1918-1925
Race Record: Starts: 22; Wins: 8; 2 nd: 1; 3rd: 4; Win & Place Prize Money: £176,651
So I shall get behind that wheel and I will try. Fuck. Seriously I could not be more frightened. Far more frightened than I ever felt when faced with a hideous situation at work. Perhaps stay off the roads and pavements of south east London for a couple of hours before lunch. Just to be on the safe side.
toying with him
We tried to play a game with 3 people last night and the episode ended in anger and tears. What a far cry from that Wednesday night in September, the first day of school, when we all played Clue together. You may recall Clue had been touch and go in our family over the years, but that night it was perfect. Jack won. Margaret accepted the win graciously. Life was good.
1 fennel head
Jonas Gahr Støre and the Norwegian political leadership are rightly horrified by the terrorist attacks in Norway, but they apparently had no qualms about approaching Breivik’s counterparts in the Middle East, a militant organization that has previously carried out horrific terrorist attacks inside Israel. How can the red-green Coalition Government in Norway even attempt to justify such a travesty? And why haven’t they joined the EU and US in classifying Hamas a terrorist organization? It’s absolutely disgusting and revolting. Israeli terrorist victims are just as innocent as Norwegian terrorist victims. The fact that Støre and Norwegian politicians would sink this low is a slap in the face of the families of all the Israeli terrorist victims that have died as a result of Hamas attacks, and it is by no means any less offensive than a foreign government wanting to engage in a dialogue with Breivik’s partners, if they exist.
The #1 rue when it comes to the Mahjong Wrestling Federation, 95% of its roster are lesbians with superpowers. We kick this episode off with some Ryuuka and Toki bonding as we see how Ryuuka invited Toki to join the Noble Core.
Use the Loctite as directed on their instructions. Let the first coating dry completely.
This is my dream
As some of you readers may recall, I have been making some visits to my bestest's abode, to assist in a little Master Bedroom updating! We are off to an amazing start and will be finishing up and revealing quite soon, but my last visit wasn't all focused on the Master Bedroom. In fact, because she is like my own personal sister, I knew she wouldn't mind me raiding her entire homestead, snapping pics of some snazzy organizing she has going on in casa de Josh & Erin! You see, when you are an organizing fanatic like myself, you start mentally organizing and placing things in ANY space you walk in to. That's right, whether I am in a grocery store, picking strawberries in a field or chillin' up north at a friend's cabin, I am taking in my surroundings, looking for inspiration and mentally organizing anything that seems a little out of place! It's NONstop I tell you!
3) Goals: Goals should come into the equation when looking for shoes. Are you a casual runner? Looking for a marathon PB? Speed and distance make a difference to a proper shoe fitter.
they remind me of that, or more
We're at the end of a three-decade long incarceration "bubble" that dwarfs that witnessed by any other society in history. Perhaps, just as folks are rethinking their reliance on free-market ideology for analyzing the economy, the criminal justice system should be rethinking its reliance on this primitive, flawed metaphor based on the same principles. After all, it's taxpayers paying the price, which it turns out is not the same thing as enduring the punishment.
She was a writer and a feminist; if there had been paparazzi around in her time they would have been stationary outside her house snapping the rich and famous that clustered around her. She would sometimes dress as a man and had a string of lovers, both male and female. However, the love of her life was the composer Chopin. Trust me, if you stopped a French person in the street and asked them who George Sand was, they would know.
What struck me first was the fact that he showed no emotion. The entire time we stood there his facial expression never changed. Because of his sunglasses you never knew in which direction his eyes were focused. He had also painted his entire body silver, giving off the sense of coldness. I thought of the Tin Man, from The Wizard of Oz, who has no heart and cannot feel. Why was this guy here? For the money? How does it feel to have people gawking at you for hours at a time? Or, did he simply view himself as a performer, an artist?
It was a great day....Kaitlyn knows she is loved by many and we all are so happy to celebrate the wonderful day she became part of our family and such a special part of our lives. WE LOVE YOU KAITLYN!!!
The Cotton Club Parade
Friij got out a little pouch from his dragon’s saddlebag, and shook it out onto the ground. Five little stones and a bigger pebble lay there, each glittering and glimmering as the sun shone on them. Snow Woman picked them up and threw the first throw, but as the stones rose in the air, Friij twiddled his little finger, and the stones bounced off Snow Woman’s knuckles and fell to the ground. Friij smiled a wicked smile and picked the stones up for his turn. He made a perfect throw. At the end of the seventh and last round, Snow Woman had not won a single point.
Poppy must have noticed how torturous this whole scene was for me, because he invited me to go for a ride in the car. The car! We spent a long time riding around (Poppy does the driving, but I lean on his shoulder so I can both supervise and be available for when he wants to scratch my ears). We went in and out of a lot places, sometimes coming out with new toys, sometimes to hug people.
BARMAN - It's not.
Both addresses point to it:
Day 2 - 5 Minute warm up then repetitions of 8 minute jogs, 5 minute walk and then the 5 minute cool down. This one I had to do twice because in one of the runs I went up hill and it killed me. The second time I did it I was on the Treadmill and it was okay. I almost had thoughts that this would be the end for me. I felt so discouraged before the second go around but everything I have read is that if the run is hard do it again until you feel comfortable. So I did just that, did it over. There is no specific reason that you have to do it one way, this is a guideline. I like it either way and it's making me feel good.
9. Because I have the right to pursue my dreams and keep the fruits of my labor, I have the responsibility to feed, protect and shelter my family, the less fortunate, the fatherless, the old and infirm.
I call the facility. Again they switch me to billing department. Matter of fact tone, she scoffs at me. Like how could I ever be surprised over such a thing. I had my test done at a trauma center, of course it would cost me more than it would anywhere else. I said over a thousand dollars more? She said, "Oh yes. We don't do echos here for less than $2,000 and that is for a standard echo and you had a 2D complete and it was recorded" (lucky me.) Thinking of the future I asked her if this would also be true for an MRI. Yes, at least $1,000 more at a trauma center. She said I could call and ask the amount of one if I decided to have one (she said it like it was an easy and obvious thing to call and get a price. I felt like screaming that is what I tried to do for the echo! And no one would tell me _ _ _ _!) I then asked her if she had the adjusted bill saying we owe $700 now instead of $1,200+, she said no, it shows here you owe us the full amount. She told me I could set up a payment plan, and that I had 90 days to pay then it goes to a collection agency, and she hung up.
Bond prices rise when interest rates drop. Since the early 1980s, drop is exactly what interest rates have done, creating a 30 year bull market. Rates are now at historic lows. So, you have the double negative of high price and low return. As rates revert to more regular levels, though your income will continue, prices of existing bonds and funds will drop – it’s math.
Utah
Not for nothing is Israel known as ‘the only democracy in the Middle East.’ The genocidal leaders of American fundamentalist Christians – Pastor John Hagee, Pat Robertson et al. have a ‘dispensationalist’ view that the Jews' 'return' to Palestine is the precondition for the return of Christ. Christians in Palestine don’t exist for them. They receive no support as the anti-Semitic US Christians interpret the Bible so as to exclude Palestinians who are Christian. Indeed the whole of US fundamentalist Christianity is based on denying the fact that Jesus was a Palestinian.
Garnish: Optional (I did not use)
Though living on a farm has its lovely little joys, I must say I was reminded this week as to why I will be very thankful when I no longer live on one. At least, when I don't live on one populated by cows. And ridiculously stupid cows at that.
It’s hard to put a value on this type of improvement since the sellers aren’t really getting their money back,” he adds. “But ultimately the value we’re talking about with this type of improvement is getting a buyer to write an offer on your place sooner than later and not having your home on the market for months and having a series of price reductions, which end up killing the value.
Neenah ~ Desert Storm Card Stock
Ashley Greene and her boyfriend, Joe Jonas, rang in 2011 at a private party last night, December 31, in Los Angeles.
In The Nursery - Compulsion
I LOVED it. I couldn’t believe I had never watched it before, but, then again, I’m glad I waited and saw it for the first time on the big screen. I’ve always said that that’s the proper way to see movies (which is why seeing Back to the Future on the big screen for the 25th anniversary re-release was such a big deal), and this didn’t disappoint…the 3D was even excellent! It’s hard to point out everything I liked about this movie, let alone what I DIDN’T like (there wasn’t much, if anything), but, overall, it was magnificent. Definitely one of my favorites now, and I only have to wait five months for it to be released on Blu-Ray for the first time! Woohoo!
I had promised Viv a scarf from San Telmo and time was pressing. Today would be our last opportunity and we had also promised to meet Roger for lunch.
Considering it was only a small run, there were a few eventful thing that could be mentioned, firstly it was tipping it down with rain when we started, making it look like we were complete loonies, then half way around there was a MASSIVE puddle taking over the whole path and the road next to it so we had go on the grass to swerve cars splashing waves of water over us, and then Chris got chased by a tractor along the path and when he tried to go on the grass to let it pass, it followed him there too.
You make an appointment, go along with your CV, then fill in a form with the same details that are on said CV and then you do the tests. Spelling, grammar, maths and typing speed. (yes I am using my own experience of looking for admin work, other types of work will obviously not use the same tests)
The Lord said there is someone here tonight, he said take a proper record of where you are now, he said because I am about to take you far.
“We’re putting in place a standard that relies on the use of clean, American made technology to tackle a challenge that we can’t leave to our kids and grandkids,” EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson told reporters in a teleconference.
+(real life, Nip/Tuck #65) Just as Clint started to floss, the character Christian said “floss”, unexpectedly.
I want you all to know that I truly do value any and all friends that I have. And if you only knew the struggle that came my way -after I hit publish, yesterday. Wowzers! I really honestly thought I would have to sing this song for the rest of the day. My entire life, maybe?
* Sounds of the most romantic of the romance languages
NB. These measurements are approximate and not fine dining recipes so go by feel - it’s finger paint after all!
So, I was finishing Kyle and brushing off all of the hair that had fallen onto his neck and his shoulders when Evan comes, cart wheeling into the room.
We have plenty of space, come all in, it’s yours anyway, my creeping and crawling friends.
My mom was proud of me for choosing this major. She knew how hard it was to be rejected from art school, my dream, and have to start over. She wanted nothing more than for me to be happy and find something else that I wanted to do. She was so excited to see me in college, because that was something she could never do, and I will not ever let her down in that aspect.
Sentiment - Little Claires
Technology had overwhelmed me and I had left my true love behind. However... I flipped the switch and built back my stable of pens and posts and here we are.
Spelling: Again, I've learned not to marry "spelling" with "handwriting." One of my boys would end up in a puddle of tears every time I made him s-p-e-l-l a word on p-a-p-e-r. I then started having him spell the words out loud, which quickly showed me that spelling wasn't the problem--handwriting was. Ah. That I sorta knew how to fix, and we were both a lot happier.
So here we are at O’Hare, in the United lounge (first time I’ve been eligible for that/flown business class since I left A.T. Kearney), enjoying the free wifi and the New York Times (you can take Frank out of the Big Apple, but you can’t take him away from the New York Times.
Speaking of war, the politics of sight sculpt our martial policies. We ended conscription, separating most of our fellow citizens from the consequences of military action; we conduct combat via unmanned aerial vehicles that remove the pilot-shooters from the populations being bombed; and both the military establishment and the media themselves suppress photographs of coffins or battlefield viscera that might show us what war really looks like.
Besides, the more you “save the day”, the more it becomes expected. Then when you fail those expectations, people start complaining that Superman is never around when you need him. Who needs that headache? If you save the occasional old lady from being hit by a car then piss-off for a few months, people will fawn all over you. Let’s not act like he doesn’t have a massive ego, prancing around in that ostentatious cape. Superman LOVES the attention.
There are decisions to be made on therapy which scares me, so I know it scares my husband. Right now we rejoice and take one day at a time.
Black floral embroidered skirt-JJill via the Thrift Store :)
I HAVE RULES ABOUT RELATING TO ME AND RECEIVING MINISTRY THROUGH ME.
Thank you, Annie, from Learn At Every Turn, for this award! She has a great blog with lots of science resources, as well as stuff for other subjects.
It was already obvious that, two years ago, the German policy on feed-in tariffs for electricity generated from photovoltaics was in trouble. With a tariff eight times higher than the wholesale electricity price at the power exchange and more than four times the feed-in tariff paid for electricity produced by on-shore wind turbines, it clearly could not last.
While browsing through what Derwent have to offer, you can help but get a certain localised feel about the list of authors who have used their publishing services. This may very well be the appeal Derwent have for their authors.
Except one day everything changes and Jack decides not to be her friend anymore. He even becomes close with the kids who bully Hazel. Hazel is sure Jack would never just change for no apparent reason and something must be wrong. How could she possibly lose him. When Jack acts cold to her I thought about what Hazel must be going through and I was close to tears.
The evil Eastern European looked at me like I'd two heads.
I need not have been too surprised, though.
These are just a few of the treats tucked into Walking Studio, the centrepiece work in Diane Borsato’s current solo show at the Art Gallery of York University.
1 lightness
If you do not like what you see in the mirror, dont change mirrors, or break the glass. Change the reflection, by changing yourself.
Research from the World Health Organization shows that about half of the American population will acquire some type of disability at some point during their lifetime. It can be difficult to find the right housing accommodations for persons with disabilities and establishing what type of services one might need can be stressful. However, there are resources available to help get things into perspective.
234 345 456....678 and retrograde.
We are nearing the end of throwing and then onto trimming, finishing, and then the glazing of our pots. The month of May is always a very exciting one for us. Getting ready for "Cousins in Clay" in anticipation of our pottery "Cousins", Ron - Judith - Michael, and our enthusiastic visiting pottery friends keeps us counting down the days. Kinda like planning for a major vacation or a long trip.
#4 thought:
The original Simcoe bitter that I made rested in secondary for a week before I added the Simcoe to dry hop. I got some really Fruit Loopy aroma off of that one and I want it again. I'll have to see if that makes a difference at all.
3 fresh radishes, thinly sliced
1) Cut out all the pieces using the templates provided and your choice of felt colours. You need to cut out 2 x body, 2 x eyes, 2 x pupils, 1 x beak, 1 x left wing, 1 x right wing, and one of each feather piece (#1-5). (The foot template also shown on the pattern sheet is not required for this project).
Richard von Sturmer / Working with Nagarjuna / 4-10
I love to work with pattern papers and using bright colors. I love to embellish my pages using stickers, chipboard, journaling die cuts, buttons, punches and some hand stitching. My favorite technique is fussy cutting. Sometimes, I like to distress my papers, and occasionally use glimmer mist, COPICS and stamps. My hobbies other than scrapbooking, are walking/jogging, reading and spending time with my family. Most of my time is spent commuting back and forth between school and my kids extracurricular activities.
The West Lot Pirates preview the Northwestern Spring Game and talk about some of the players returning for the 2012 season. You can download the episode directly from here.
With the torpedo device, there is a known quantity of hops used in the thing, and it can be used with a big volume of beer. Requiring less hops by volume, with a BIG difference in imparted flavors.So there you go. In other regards, the beer is a pretty standard IPA: 17.8 P and 7.2% alcohol, 70 IBUs, Carapils and crystal malt. The brewery's really hanging their hat on the Citras.
3. Love and respect your brother or sister
And this is my 200th post. Hooray! My giveaway post will be up right after this. :)
“Not only three reactor meltdowns but seven pool fires at Fukushima Daiichi,” Kamps said. “If the site had to be abandoned by all workers, then everything would come loose. The end result of that was the evacuation of Tokyo.”
One way not to argue in support of the Kantian transcendental aesthetic is the way Dinesh D'Souza does in What's So Great About Christianity. D'Souza draws an analogy with a tape recorder, which I discuss in this post and will not repeat here. The problem with the analogy, and similar analogies, is that it is undermined by the very transcendental aesthetic it is meant to support. If Kant is right, and we have access to appearances only and not the reality behind appearances, then we have no way of knowing what is really going on with whatever reality is behind the appearance we call "tape recorder." Whatever thing or things out there in reality give rise to the appearance of a tape recorder, we can't know what they are or are not capable of. They may be capable of all sorts of things we can't imagine; including access to reality in ways we cannot imagine.
It also can not be denied that, although as a people we, native Europeans, have faced war, famine pestilence and catastrophe we have never before come so close to our own annihilation.
I started by stamping one of the stem images in green ink, then added a flower in bright yellow ink at the top of each stem. I die cut a strip of green cardstock with CSS’s grass die, then stamped the die cut piece with the matching image before setting it on the bottom of the panel. The clouds were created with some distress ink and a cloud template.
Lamat, who apparently has been listening to RFS, said the news clips were discrediting the government.
Didn't you see that tidbit in my bio? Go ahead, ask me a question about guano! Any question!
When French colonials moved to Canada at the start of the 18th century they took their “Poque” with them. It then travelled further south to the New Orleans and spread at first all around Louisiana where it was played in the famous floating saloons and than later all over the country. One of the earliest contemporary mentions of poker happened in J Hildreth book “The Dragoon Campaigns to the Rocky Mountains” in 1836. The game of the time seemed to be a 20 card deck variation played with Aces, Kings, Queens, Jacks and Tens which were divided between the players to make the best hand, there were no communal cards.
It's written by two fantastic Belgian experts, who love to share their experience too !!!
Thanks to Victoria for allowing me to let you know how my first month in the KDP Select program turned out. I don't usually broadcast my sales numbers, since I try hard to focus more on the books than the bucks, but I think it's important to give my fellow authors the benefit of my experience.
I love biting into cherry tomatoes so that they pop open in my mouth.
We find this kind of life in relationship with the God who gives. That’s what our understanding of grace is all about – our God gives. He’s not a god who sits far off in heaven & expects us to give & give & make sacrifice after sacrifice to try to make him happy. Our God is happy with us for Christ’s sake & so is happy to give us what we need. He gives rain to the unrighteous & righteous alike (check out Matthew 5:44-45 for example) and so his giving is unconditional & indiscriminate. The clearest place we see the heart of this giving God is in giving his Son to die for us, and Jesus himself is willing to give himself for us on the cross. This goes beyond a trite & cliché religious formula – it’s the greatest expression of sacrificial giving ever! If God is willing to give us his own Son, and if the Son is willing to give all of himself to us in his death, and if the Father is willing & able to give his dead Son new life in the resurrection, how much more will he be willing to give us what we need for every aspect of life, both in this world & in the next?
2Tbsp Flour
Why, then, you can go to the 2010 OKI (Ohio Kentucky Indiana) Children's Literature Conference!
From the nine planets, three of them were only twenty light years from Earth, the Gliese family of planets. Now, Gliese 581c, and 581g have been in the news a lot over the past few years, at least one of them possibly containing life. And thus, these two planets became my inspiration for Alectrona. And here are some facts about Alectrona, the fictitious planet in The Zurian Child:
I'm especially excited about the green linen curtains and the pretty tangerine fabric for the chairs. Nicole already has some great quirky, sculptural pieces and awesome DIY arched bookshelves inspired by these from Little Green Notebook. I can't wait to see it all come together!
My dive buddy Dave brought over a Flander's Brown for us to brew and sadly his batch got something wild that I had in my Turbodog or we just took it off of the yeast too soon. We had acetaldehyde (green apples) in the aroma and taste. Overwhelmingly so. That batch had another yeast starter pitched into it to see if more yeast would be able to finish the beer out a bit and convert the acetaldehyde into ethanol and get rid of the green apple-y flavor. It has done quite a bit, but it was still a sour beer. Too sour. Next path to save that one is to brew it again and get it clean this time. Then I can blend with the original batch to taste. Reading up on Flander's Browns has them at a touch sour but not as much as a Flander's Red.
Right pass me the body armour, I'm off to tackle the loo.
I started to realise as I drove that to have a drink would not only allow the other party to really ‘win’, but much more importantly, it would also require me to lose, and lose much more than them. I had remained sober for the best part of 3 weeks and I did not want to literally piss that all away. Even if I had been strong enough to get back on the wagon the next day, I didn’t want to go back to Square One and ‘Day One’ all over again. I had those 17 or so days in my bank and I didn’t want to withdraw them. I realised all by myself that to have had that drink may well have helped me in the very short term. But in the wider scheme of things it would have cost me much more than the instant promise of release that it offered.
Thank you for your patience
I look back on that time and smile. I was so broken, and it was beautiful. God had me exactly where he wanted me, and he was teaching me the lessons I needed to learn then. And that was that I had to learn to love and trust him first. If I didn’t trust him, I certainly wouldn’t and couldn’t put my whole identity in who he says I am.
Yesterday was possibly the most unpleasant time I have ever had running. Several of us headed up to Wallace State Park for the Cameron Fatt Ass on New Years Day. The race temps were about 13 degrees and there was a nice 20 mph breeze to keep us cool as we plowed through the 6 or so inches of snow for 31 miles. It is a 5 loop course so we had to run by the warm cabin and our cars 4 times which was punishment enough.
2. Shortening
eBook provided by author for review.
I would understand if a sign was up, or if the particular place of business understood that you can plug in at most other places, but they are just being weird for whatever reason (and so the misunderstanding is more because of their quirk than your inconsideration). But the level of anger, frustration, and condescension I’ve experienced over this is very odd to me.
We Sold Army Secrets for Dope by Help Me Devil
To sit in the warm yellow light of our porch or cockpit in the evening, all the other lights off to save power, the quaint romantic glow is special. It is an oasis in the dark and a place to hold only us. Cozy in the tropics.
4 months, obvs.
I have a big pond. Lots of fish.
Names I go by: Hadhood, Mommy, Hoda,
Notice the words : Balik.. kalau you tak nap kena, balik.. baik balik…
“Oh, Best Buy means you like to take it in the ass…”
It’s been an exciting day. I left school early to get to the hospital at about 1:30, and the kid was pretty much ready to go. May and I were more than a bit anxious. Filling out a review of his care for the hospital, we marked that he had very good care for everything, but the last question asked how ready we felt about bringing him home. We joked
Ten years ago I wrote an essay about my father for graduate school. But it wasn’t for school actually. Parents, particularly departed parents, spur words even when the words ride no bigger idea than need. My father was a quiet man. Maybe I meant to give him a voice, but when I stumbled onto the essay, I didn’t hear him. It was my voice instead. I wasn’t begging for his resuscitation but standing over his form trying to account for his silence. I didn’t remember the scenes I depicted and, as I read on, I began to wonder if writing them killed those scenes forever.
Have you ever woken up with cotton-mouth? How about a sore throat? How about something hanging out of the back of your throat that feels like one of those sticky octopus things you used to get out of a vending machine that you would throw against the wall and it would climb down? No? Well, all you have to do is drink some beer that doesn't mix with your body or your internal food processing mechanisms and voila, you've got it!
Who do I follow that I would nominate?
“Oh, don’t excuse yourself to me, unless you wish to embitter my shame. I’m obliged to you for offering to share your destitution with me. I must try to run my face with the landlord,” said Colville.
I love vintage, especially the 1940’s era. The hair, the clothes, the music all make up a little bit of a passion for me!
Important thing I should remember: After playing basketball, don't go shopping in the grocery store next to your office, where you're likely to run into no less than ten people you work with. People who you work with, who may wonder why I'm completely sweaty and why I (I'm sure) smell awful.
So, here I am in the first full day of the literary festival. It's a pretty quiet one for me, most of the events I'm going to are happening tomorrow. I attended the sponsor's reception yesterday evening, which was a new experience for me. One of the first people I met was Annie Barrows, co-author of the massively best-selling The Guernsey Literary & Potato Peel Pie Society, and the top celebrity author here at the festival. She was very friendly and down to earth, and we talked about the strange leap of faith it takes to start calling yourself "a writer". It good to know that even hugely successful authors struggle with that one from time to time.
I found myself really wanting to finish In Bed with a Highlander to see how Mairin and Ewan’s story ended. Maya Banks starts off the series well and readers will want to read the rest of the series.
A $50 gift basket of ribbon and other goodies from Ribbon and Bows Oh My
The additional spending due to obesity doesn’t fall into a black hole, of course. It contributes to overall economic activity and thus to gross domestic product. But not all spending is created equal.
Now I’m not a great fan of Joyce but I am an aficionado of Beckett even if I’m not so fond of his earlier works which he wrote while he was enthralled with all things Joycean. This is how Wikipedia defines ‘Joycean’:
6. Mix together all the ingredients for the tomato sauce – add water just to get a spreading consistency. Spread over the pizza.
Congress chose to make them eligible because the refundable part of the Child Tax Credit — technically a separate Additional Child Tax Credit — was intended to relieve lower-income parents of some portion of their tax burden.
“We’re all very upset,” said friend Cindee Damron. “She is so well-loved and one of the kindest, sweetest people I’ve ever met.”
Obedience always produces positive results.
the light. i stayed there for some time just waiting. then she began to
This one was different. Kona did the roasted coffee aromas and flavors very well, subtle, not too over the top. If you like coffee, get this beer. If you like beer, get this beer. If you don't like beer or coffee, I feel sorry for you.
1. The duty of your marriage­union requires unity. Can you not agree with your own flesh?
I go for a run in the afternoon. I run twice a week. That's enough for this sore body.
of thy murd'rous line
It is, I think, fairly uncommon (though I haven’t researched the topic in detail!) for a husband to appear in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography only as an adjunct of his wife. (Reverse examples are of course innumerable.) However, as the Foreword to Archibald Little’s posthumous collection of essays, Gleanings from Fifty Years in China, observes: ‘Official recognition and distinctions have often been awarded for achievements and services less than Archibald Little was able to render . . . But he lived and died without any such mark of honour. His friends may in some sense regret the omission; but no man needed or coveted titles or decorations less.’
The banks only stay open until 11.30am, and often even those who have been waiting for hours will not be able to reach the front door until closing-time has passed – or all that day's money has run out.
“Even if you’re buying a burger, you want to buy it from someone you like and respect,” said food industry analyst Phil Lempert, who writes a daily industry newsletter. “It’s proven that consumers are willing to pay a little bit more for fairness, whether it’s to humans or animals.”
two blue and two red
(See the holes where the logs were inoculated with mushrooms?)
Because there seems to be no little confusion about this matter, it’s high time to broach the topic of devotional Methods, and what better way than to look at a venerable spiritual work such as Lady Lucy Herbert’s collection. This little book contains some excellent methods that can act as a spring board to enriching our experience of the Traditional Latin Mass.
As long as it’s not Onion Bunion……
2) The protagonist's own raw emotions, slowly exposing themselves over the course of the short piece.
4. Twitter – Communication Therapy has nearly 900 Twitter followers at this time – follow us and you’ll see why! We share great articles and other important information related to AAC, iPads, Autism, and Speech Language Therapy.
When Aspen’s most loyal customer dies and his suicide looks eerily like murder, she anonymously tips off the police so she won’t expose a secret she desperately needs to keep. But murder and mayhem are a bothersome duo and she soon finds herself caught in a web of chaos.
Bicarb soda (baking soda) is a good for soiled nappies. Dissolve ¼ cup of bicarb soda in a bucket of warm water, soak for at least an hour or overnight, then wash the nappies in hot water with homemade laundry liquid. Add ½ cup of vinegar to the final rinse and let them dry in the sun.
Tuesday: Rigatoni and Garlic Bread
7. ALWAYS ASK HOTELS / CAR HIRE COMPANIES, ETC, IF THAT'S "THEIR BEST RATE?" I know. I hate doing it too.
Destroying the Heart of Borneo, which Musa Aman pretends to protect!
I cheated on the tree with another tree.
That intersection had 178 collisions from 2005 to 2009.
- You will send each of those ten people one of your handmade postcards.
Twitter: @peternickeas
So do I.
I've been fortunate to sample a couple of Beltane's beers in the past, which I thought were great examples of the Belgian-style brewing. Can't wait to check the new place out.
times. But 40 some years later, of all the ugliness of war, the hardest
You might wondering when did I went Chiang Mai, Thailand? No, I didn't. How I really wish I could visit this city where enjoy a ride on the big giant elephant, seeing all the magnificent and beautiful "wat" or known as temple or even shopping till I drop? My parents did that by the way when both of them went Chiang Mai last month with their friends. And they did bought lot of goodies/stuff like what you saw as the above just for me. Greedy gal am I, right?
Tests to measure slip resistance were developed primarily for man-made materials, with the earliest from the 1940s, when Sidney James conducted experiments to rate floor polishes and other floor maintenance chemicals. From these experiments
First, some cartoon ones...
We skipped boating last weekend in order to clean the house. I finally have a basement again. I don't know how we lucked out but I sure am glad we weren't boating. Anyone who lives remotely near Baltimore knows about the torrential rain we had all weekend. I was starting to wonder if Noah was building another Ark. We've been out in rain before but this was nonstop, drenching, party-stopping rain. There are plenty more weeks to go and I'm sure we'll be out again soon.
Jesus sees only two paths through life. One leads to eternal life, the other leads to eternal destruction.
History is written by the winners; glib, but true. The cliche comes from the kernel of truth in a phrase. Apart from some, of course. There’s never fire with smoke. People love making smoke. Some are even professionals at making smoke that looks like fire to back up their original smoke. Wait for the fire, I say. And while you wait – consider the goat. There’s no smoke with goats, no blustering about. If pressed, you will notice there isn’t any fire, either. Goats have dodged the idiom with agility and grace. And, therein, their talent. The losers didn’t make it, and only a handful of winners did; cowering in advisory roles so that they may scribble their account of History. Where are all the survivors, then? They are outside my tent right now, chewing a handkerchief. They are a little way down the road, eating and sleeping in cement. They are headbutting a greedy pigeon, just because it deserved it. They are those who learned how to dodge the conflict in its entirety, pronking past all skirmishes to a life of mediocrity. They are goats.
CD: Is it?
Ulpana residents have argued that the Beit El Yeshiva and Amana – the construction arm of the settlement movement – bought the land from Palestinian landowners. They received state-guaranteed mortgages and grants to buy it.
Sorry Ron but let me help, 1 2 3 4 5, 1 2 3 4 5…
IS there any will to make down payments 20% minimum for the FHA? Is there any will to take away the mortgage interest deduction (which costs about $100 billion per year)? Is there any will to actually eliminate Fannie and Freddie?
What I like most about the front cover of Victorian Workforce Simulator is that one of the pictures looks like a man crawling up a bum hole.
I was scrolling through some old images of pieces I painted long ago and actually felt a desire to take it up again. For me, the pendulum swings between attempting a refined, traditional handpainted style or trying for a more primitive, stylized look. And sometimes I like to go for something altogether more contemporary (read: trendy), when taking on a handpainting project.
Level 9: MP Cost: 55, Damage: 217%, Attacks up to 6 enemies 6 times, 19% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
The same school of copy is clearly responsible for a poster at London Bridge tube station, headed, "Work in a fast-paced multilingual environment". And what, pray, does that conjure up? Lots of demented souls rushing about aimlessly, pausing intermittently to gabble at each other in any one of sixteen different languages? Sounds like environmental hell to me.
This depends on how well someone was taught or their natural character. We can form healthy relationships
adviser of the Chief Executive of Hong Kong, who is a Jesuit-trained
(Fell 7th); 2010 Mon Mome (Fell 26th), Flintoff (PU Bef 21st)
About her eight year History as a Puppy Mill Breeder
These books and websites hold some really great advice. I look forward to sharing some of the insights I gain with everyone. I hope you will do the same and please, share where you are in your writing journey. I’d love to hear from you.
"You're going to have fun," I reassured him.
The proposals preceding would enable these two banks to commence a meaningful return to the home mortgage market, making a profit on both the management of the loans and a margin on funds borrowed from the ECB. Such profit would go towards restoring both banks to financial stability, reducing the prospect, all too clearly in evidence currently, that the Government might be required to make even more money available to both banks.
We sprawled through the ooze and slime,
But even as I type this, I'm getting all choked up thinking about having another baby and then it won't be just me and my DD anymore. We have such a close bond and the time together is priceless. Its hard to think of another baby interfering with our time together, but I know it will work out fine. Its just a lot to think about. But thankfully, I have plenty of time to come to terms with it. Who knows how long it will take to get preggo next. It took us a year the first time, and with Hubby being gone at trainings lately, and the upcoming move and added stress, it should give me the extra time I feel I need for now.
Then, because you live under the roof of the hostel owners, you have to live under those ground rules mentioned above. You don't actually have anything to do during the day so you just walk around town all day begging. However, if you overstep some 'marker' or are found to be guilty of some form of 'anti-social behaviour' then you know that you will be evicted with no notice whatsoever. Therefore, you have to be obedient and on good behaviour towards your superiors - the staff of the hostel. Unwittingly, you have fulfilled the third aspect of the religious life - Obedience.
When I first came to the United States and tried the healthy and wonderful oatmeal, I was quite disappointed to find it sickly sweet, mushy and very bland. Needless to say I was trying the grocery store variety which is laden with sugar to make it more appealing. I didn't touch oatmeal for years, until recently when I learnt about steel cut oats and 'regular' oats versus the instant variety. I was shocked, what? oatmeal that isn't ridiculously sugary? Can it be? ... ever since then, I have been buying 'regular' oatmeal and loving it :)
As for the alleged violation of Sec. 16 of the same law, the same has no application in the proffered criminal action. The said section applies obviously to administrative infractions but never as a punitive measure for it does not provide a penalty of imprisonment or imposition of fines in case of violation. To be liable under it, it must be proven that the alleged illegal act was committed with deliberateness, which is difficult to prove. With respect to negligence and the like, the culprit should be found guilty first.
3. Learn Spanish
2:00 PM Japan on 21st January 2012
As much as I gained from the experiences, it left me so drained!!! The last Expo was Dec 15th ... and I was happy to finally REST and concentrate on the holidays.
^ Photograph taken with 5p peice next to it.. See how thin the Gold is? It seriously is the thickness of a piece of paper.
If you need or want to turn off the route or you want to simply turn around to go back the other way, look before you do it. There’s probably someone right behind you to your left or right and you don’t want to cut them off. If needed, signal your “turn” by using the standard hand signals. It might seem a little dorky, but those other people riding near you will appreciate it.
“Take heed child you will not need such an excuse here.” a warm voice called out to her.
Then I’ll bow goodbye and let you leave
LIKE THIS BAKING PAN......
3. Pass the cost increase on to the consumers, which includes low income workers
Have I entrusted my life, my family, my work, my school to Jesus?
I had some pumpkin seeds or pepitas so I toasted them with a couple of pinches of cumin and dash of salt. These are delicious all by themselves but on the soup . . . WOW.
This was a relatively small area of several hundred acres. It was opening day, and an army of hunters had the elk blocked in. They were running from one end of the wooded area to another. In short order they were overheated, gasping for air, and panting for water. The air was cold and their bodies hot; that is what produced the steam. So thick was the steam that I could not identify the elk in the great mist; I could only watch the cloud move along the forested area. It was amazing.
This conversation took many years, by the end of which time the old earth priest was very tired and hungry and returned to the temple and wrote the words of the old warrior stone in a book on such matters which can be found in the temple library to this day.
While the film does tell the tragic story of teenage suicides, there are upbeat moments as well. But none more transforming than Alex who is openly and continually bullied on a school bus in Sioux City.
February 17, 2012 – Friday
“Wait a minute, God, You’re taking away 99% of what’s important to me in life, and You expect me to laugh and shrug and be like, Oh well, my friends aren’t all that cool anyway, who cares if I have no idea when I’ll ever see them again? The joy of the Lord is my strength! Now how else do You want to torture me, God, because I’m perfectly happy to go through anything as long as the joy of the Lord is my strength! Come to think of it, this is kind of fun . . . NOT!”
On arrival at Quepos we found a taxi and gave the driver directions to our accommodation which, unbelievably, is in Londres.
21. Classic Clothing: Wearing Outfits You Already Have
“Aerospace is a pretty exciting field,” says David Zingg, director of the University of Toronto Institute of Aerospace Studies. “You have to be someone who is on the cutting edge, someone who has creativity, curiosity and also someone who has rigour and the fundamentals.”
If the unit activates using Reactive Fire (or fails to do so) it doesn’t need to make an activation roll.
As the countdown to the Games continues, Acas will be publishing new and updated guidance to help you:
I saw Genesis at, of all places "The Will Rogers Auditorium" in 1975. I had seen them on 'American Bandstand " or something, and the song they did featured Peter Gabriel crushing the rest of the band with a big mallet, one like you would imagine Thor carrying, and he had a deranged look on his face and this appealed very strongly to me, being 17 and all.
I am trying to recall the last time I saw the remains of an accident or murder victim shown in The Washington Post or Los Angeles Times. I realize that lifeless bodies are part of reality, but it is still somewhat jarring to see them in print.
*If you don't find it boring, there are tons of resources out there. Bret picked up a plumbing how-to book at the home improvement store, but there are also lots of online resources out there, and the local libraries often carry a large selection of books for DIYers.﻿
Mrs V always makes me feel like a sloth, and I don’t mean this in an entirely figurative way: according to Wikepedia, as much as two-thirds of a well-fed sloth’s body-weight consists of the contents of its stomach and they have a very low metabolic rate. They move only when necessary and even then very slowly. This accounts for 75% of my lifestyle. Perhaps I was a sloth in a previous life.
and smoothing with a tissue.
An EXCLUSIVE offer good only for those who order the August kit!
RND 2: *sc in first st, 2 sc in next st*, repeat around (18 stitches)
Kristine Van Raden: Co-author of Letters to Our Daughters (Hyperion,1999). Kristine is a partner in Matters That Matter (LLC), offering workshops around the country. Their mission is “to inspire all to live according to their own deeply held values and priorities by bringing courage, contentment and grace to life.”
A rather poignant picture of my wife with Sam the morning before his surgery. He tried to hide behind the book, but alas...he wasn't quick enough to avoid the clutches of the surgeons.
If he signs for Celtic, it will undoubtedly be the biggest transfer of his career.
Dermalogica Special Cleansing Gel ($39.99)
There are also some extra KISSES for when you might need them.
39. Radiohead - The King of Limbs
Volomir: People often prepare great works to compete for the Slayersword. They consider all the aspects, such as size of the entry, trend topics, or commercial decisions. Do you think there is a specific formula to enter competition to aim for the Slayersword?
At the weekend, amid all the TV and radio reports from Libya and the non-reports about what is happening in Algeria, Bahrain, Jordan and Yemen, there was a tiny news item about trouble in Oman. This reminded me about one of the most interesting people I never met. He was a man you don’t meet every day.
Friends and podcasters John S. Drew and Paul K. Bisson have released the latest episode of Cyborgs: A Bionic Podcast, which devotes itself to revisiting the cult-classic TV series The Six Million Dollar Man and The Bionic Woman. They always bring in a guest host to share in the fun, and for this installment I was called up for my second stint in the third chair.
But walking out to sunshine and blue skies and the greenest, green grass and brightest spring flowers (thanks to all that rain!) put a big smile on my face, and so I guess our lazy weekend at home wasn't quite so bad...
The "bible" for Sendak collectors is known in the book trade as "Hanrahan." The actual title is WORKS OF MAURICE SENDAK, 1947-1994 : A COLLECTION WITH COMMENTS by Jean Y. Hanrahan. This bibliography gives very specific information on how to identify first editions of each Sendak book, along with price ranges. Needless to say, most of the prices mentioned in the book are now extremely dated. That most sought-after Sendak picture book, WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE, is listed at $350-$500. Today the price has skyrocketed to as much as $10,000 to $20,000!
Sadly such ravaging days are no more. And, like many other lonely, impotent, withered individuals, he has had to turn to artificial stimulation for his thrills. Usually he waits till the house is empty - or at least till we are all in bed - to indulge in these sick and abnormal practices.
She was looking at a cordless phone that appeared to have been knocked off its cradle when she first saw the body on the floor, she said. Savage had known Vickers but the remains were unrecognizable, she said.
Quite early in his career, his friend and ‘Tango Nuevo’ creator Astor Piazzolla had advised him to stay true to his roots and establish a kind of ‘New Musette’. Galliano’s exceptional abilities as a soloist are now well-recognized, and he continues to explore a vast range of music, without ever losing that lyrical quality that infuses the ballads on Love Day that he recorded with Gonzalo Rubalcaba, Charlie Haden and Mino Cinelu, or the French Touch which allowed him to make the link between Billie Holiday and Edith Piaf, with the trumpeter Wynton Marsalis.
Discover that there’s a dance party happening at the Bowery Ballroom.
In search as always.
Time is short.
You didn't think I would leave you this weekend without coming
I'm doing a thing, over at the House of Paincakes blog network, sort of a contest thing where the winner gets a weekly series in front of a larger readership than I have ever dreamed of amassing. Have been for a while now. Didn't want to talk about it on this blog because Posting About Blogging is something I try not to do. Content uber alles, and all that.
Time taken: 8 hours
So, as the animals are asking in this cartoon, showing the new comradeship between the endangered species of Borneo and Tasmania, both threatened by Taib, what is going on?
Judy worked as a textile designer for McQueen creating fabrics for swatches or colour ways and producing mood boards. She said she would go back again in a heartbeat but that we shouldn’t underestimate the hard work involved in working for a big design house. “You would spend a full day there, mostly standing. It was pretty gruelling.”
make sure to hop!!
Unfortunately, many tourists do not venture outside the compact old city centre, but there is hope even for them. Almost next to the Beurs, in Rue Tabora no 11, is the La Bécasse- a Brussels institution serving Zoete (sweet) Lambiek (as well as Witte Lambiek) from Timmermans on tap. The former is essentially a faro made especially for this café- the Witte Lambiek (a wit bier made from spontaneous fermentation) is more commercially available. The café oozes history, with lambiek served from traditional mugs. De Girardin faro served at het Warm Water may be more complex and there are few, if any, Brusselaars in the café, but it is still a highly recommended stop.
Simple. Childlike. Innocent.
For Today will enter the studio on January 6th with producer Will Putney to begin working on their fourth full-length album to be released via Razor & Tie in Spring 2012. Putney (Lamb Of God, Suicide Silence) previously worked on For Today’s Breaker, their 2010 release.
He asked if I could ask Annika to be Mickes girlfriend for him.
Any other ideas are more than welcome.
The Nation’s Favourite Uncle
This is way too much fun. Seriously, can you tell I have a problem with textiles? I think I'll continue this little exercise on Monday with another few fabric combos. Have a great weekend! We're off to Boston for Baby Shower North. The last trip we'll be making as a twosome and sans Baby and likely the last time I'll see Boston for at least 6-8 months :(
So many insiders are defecting that many, if not most of these explosives will hopefully be located and neutralized in advance – if they haven’t already been.
The Ruby-throated Hummingbird is 7–9 cm long with an 8–11 cm wingspan, and weighs about 3 g. Adults are metallic green above and greyish white below, with near-black wings. Their bill is long, straight and very slender.
blind, dumb idiot. And please don't try to say it wasn't you...not only were you easy to pick out of a crowd, but I heard someone call you by your name.
I wanted to buy one, but didn't find the ones I wanted (a pooing George Bush or an Obama, they make them to resemble current characters.) I definitely plan to go back to Barcelona, I loved it there, and will get me some Caganers next time I go. It will be a Caga Christmas!
so we are looking forward to a few small trips!
But a suitable alternative, at least.
+30% off any rubber stamps in our online store for your term
Victoria the Great (UK…Herbert Wilcox)
When his friend's mom was passing out the cake, she offered me two slices, but I only took one and told her that we'd share (since I knew Matthew didn't want cake). But when he saw that the cake was filled with whipped cream and strawberries, he asked if he could eat my strawberries. After he had eaten all the strawberries off of my plate, he still wanted more. So I got him his own piece of cake, and to my surprise he devoured the whole thing, cake and all! And that's when I knew what kind of cake I would make him for his birthday.
TRAINERS
Wow today is 10-10-10! How weird!
I’ve read all the books and seen every movie, on average, probably a dozen times. I have a playlist for all the theme songs and individual ones for the scores to my favorites. I know all kinds of non-crucial information about the series, like that the company that owns the rights to Bond is called Danjaq after the wives of the founders. So, when people question my Bond expertise, I get pretty riled up.
Turkish-Israeli dogfight over occupied northern Cyprus US Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro: ‘The military option against Iran isn’t just possible, it’s ready Israel’s space program (Scientific American) Wultz family awarded large damages Fayyad and Abbas Complete the Ramallah Reshuffle Overnight music video Iran told Hezbullah not to attack Israel? Hezbullah fighting for Assad Inevitable: North Korea back to work on reactor Latest nonsense from Shlomo Sand – “The Land of Israel is a myth” Wikileaks may have outed ‘Mossad agent’ causing his death Shop-A-Fada!
I’ve written before on the potential for a conference this large, back when the possibility was first raised in September of last year. Now, though, it appears it’s going to actually happen.
I think my biggest joy of the past few days is that Ayden (and Issac) are finally starting to show us that they understand we expect them to be more well behaved away from home than at home. It was just a few small instances, but it was enough to warm my heart.
calm.
Rest 1 minute
whiteness
coming downstairs.
I have a great deal of respect for this author and I’ve been trying to figure out why. She doesn’t carry you away with her tales; she doesn’t present anything new; she doesn’t challenge a current social more by bringing some shocking thing into an otherwise natural setting.
Calories: About 165 per piece
Lido and Ishcandar pointed out however that talk of a shipment in exchange for the captive kids sounded pretty nefarious at any rate. They agreed on that point, but Hermel still didn’t feel there was quite yet enough to warrant busting the door down and killing the card players (assuming they could even succeed in doing so!). Nevertheless, some of them wanted to bust into the room and catch the men at the card table by surprise, namely Jeremy, come what may. Hermel thought this too hasty, and noted that the Hagglesmiths had done the same, and pointed to the floor where they were laying in a heap, tied up and knocked out as they were.
It's all the acerbity in music, movies, and now, video games. Agenda administration allows publishers to cut costs by abbreviation concrete components, eliminating retail middle-men, and giving them added ascendancy over price. It aswell makes arcade added acceptable for the customer by accepting barter to achieve purchases from their own home. It saves time and money for both the administrator and the consumer. It sounds like a win-win situation.
S. Siblings: Older brother-35, sister-33, sister-28, and my twin brother 26
Lisa thought she would be much better in the role because it was a play they had been through and rehearsed a year earlier in the after-school Drama club. Angelika was due to play Penelope although she didn’t go to Drama Club and never showed any interest in being involved in role plays. It wasn’t an easy role either, but Miss Smith obviously thought that Angelika would be convincing as a princess. It was of no consolation to Lisa that many of her friends did not approve of this decision either.
The event takes place at Moffat House Hotel on Saturday 18th February, from 6pm. Tickets are a mere seven quid. I'll be there with fellow members of the new Moffat Writing Group (name yet to be decided) whose inaugural meeting is this Thursday, 7pm at the school.*
The core academic content and the standardized tests are influenced by what the colleges want only as a means to an end so my kids can pursue the career path of their choice. Truly their extra-curricular activities are things that represent their interests and passions.
My purchases included Mohair fleece, recycled silk sari ribbon, whole silk cocoons (with the bug still inside; I actually have a project for my store in mind for these), silk chiffon and cotton lawn fabric, green mohair/Merino yarn, and an assortment of decorative lace weight cone yarns, for plying: stainless steel, red wool with stainless steel, and tea green silk with stainless steel. You can’t see these very well in the photo, but they’re really beautiful and shimmery. I was also eyeing some pineapple fiber lace weight that I may sneak in to pick up next week (I’m having buyer’s regret that I didn’t get it).
There are 75 breweries in Pennsylvania. One of them is in a fish market; one is in a former county morgue; two are in old barns; one is in a train station; and one is in a suburban garage. The two largest American-owned breweries both have their main breweries in Pennsylvania, and they're less than 40 miles apart. Didja know all that?
Thanks to my friend Stephanie (Cre8tive Designs, Inc.) and her Pinterest board, I found a lovely velvety grey-blue Target settee with nailhead detailing for under $300. Although I originally thought it would be perfect in our entryway, for now it's made a home under the stairs, an area of our home that was previously barren.
He's 6'4" and, though skinny as the proverbial rake, you wouldn't want to mess with him. (Which is actually an illusion - he's a pussy cat. Whereas I may be a foot shorter but am far more scary!)
But the king replied to Araunah, “No, I insist on paying you for it. I will not sacrifice to the LORD my God burnt offerings that cost me nothing.” So David bought the threshing floor and the oxen and paid fifty shekels of silver for them. David built an altar to the LORD there and sacrificed burnt offerings and fellowship offerings. Then the LORD answered prayer in behalf of the land, and the plague on Israel was stopped.
1. Blend all ingredients in the blender and make puree.
NARS Smudgeproof Eye Shadow Base
What the whole truth is, which I do not say because it's unprofessional and professionals don't stand there and open up their mouth and tell everything they know- "While I like you well enough, I do not like your staff AND furthermore, I should have charged you an easy five to seven grand more (seeing as how you business meeting-ed me to death and I wrote you a contract that had everything you needed, I got that the first time) and let's say even if I did charge you more, go ahead and triple it, go ahead and quadruple it, go ahead and... and I'd still don't want your business and I'm not playing with you, not even one little bit."
Trigger: I haven’t exercised or moved very much during the day
I enjoy literature about Arthur and Merlin and Guinevere, so I have been enjoying this show about young Arthur and Merlin. It’s sort of like Smallville in a way, but better. We watch as King Uther tries to abolish sorcery and witchcraft from Camelot; we hear references to Avalon and meet Mordred; we get to see how Excalibur was forged and why Merlin had to get rid of it. If you’re a fan of the mythology then there is plenty to keep you watching.
A truely stupid display of who they think is important considering it is based on and tallied from missing truckloads of uncounted votes. The Elementary School children of Iowa could have been more professional, but they don't have a hidden agenda to ignore and make sure the only candidate U.S. Solders and Americans at home respect isn't acknowledged, is too radical and can't win...because the Republican Party rigged the election rules at the last minute before voting, because for the first time in Iowa they decide to move the ballots around in a giant shell game, because the Republican Party and their multimillionaire lying dishonest party favorites can hardly wait to get into office and change nothing.
It's Deborah from Uganda. A nice match with our other sponsor child Debika.
From Primitive Spirit, Owl Babies is a set of 3 paper patterns for adorable little 5-1/2" hooked, heart-shaped pals to sit in a bookshelf, as a pincushion on your sewing table, grouped in an old wooden bowl, etc., etc. Pattern set - $10.00. I made the middle guy, so cute with little tufted ears! He/she was really fun and fast to hook and finish.
154And all those tender names in one, thy love!
Strange things happen in the land of Birds and Words. When I read through my user’s guide to my new state-of-the-art Zeiss binoculars, I noticed that they’re supposed to come with a Lens Cleaning Cloth. This extra tidbit really thrilled me because I love receiving little bonus gifts and I searched all over for said cleaning cloth. In fact, I ripped apart the packaging just to make sure it wasn’t lurking somewhere in the recesses of the container. Alas, no cloth.
How that will help the situation is questionable, except perhaps opening up new swathes of territory for redevelopment.
It's not always on purpose though, sometimes it's a matter of balancing a budget, or surgeries, or family...you know...life in general...
Silvia, school teacher, tells us what they found.
1WORKING LINK
So you can imagine our surprise when that test result (the first pregnancy test I had ever taken) was positive. I thought, surely I did something wrong while taking it. In fact, Heath was in such a state of shock he sat on the bathroom floor for about 10 minutes staring blankly at the directions looking for some kind of error. However, after a couple of hours went by and it started to sink in, we were like little kids in a candy store overflowing with excitement!
DIRECTIONS TO FINISH:
and fell to his knees
The B and B is a gem of a building overlooking the Mackenzie River. Reg Bellefontaine, the owner, spent almost 10 years renovating the house which at one time had been the RCMP station. Reg is as paradoxical a figure as you can imagine. A big beefy man, roughened by hard work and harsh weather, with as distinct an Eastern Canadian accent as you can get, is as professional and courteous as any owner I’ve met including the ones at some of the fancy frou-frou establishments I’ve ever stayed in. This man should win awards. And seeing him in an apron in the morning whipping up a batch of pancakes…I can’t even explain it. I couldn’t even take a picture. I’m sorry. Reg...you are so awesome.
His hits include:
XXVI
I wasn’t trying to.
As usual, what feels like forever, is over before it begun. He carries me from his room into the bathtub. He makes sure the water is just right. Testing it with his hands. Moving the shower head, warm water rinsing me off, while he gently holds my back. He gets me another dress with happy light green and pink checkers. My new underwear has teddy bears on it and it says Tuesday on the front. It’s wrong. Today is not Tuesday.
Around where I live they have recently dropped all the speed limits, again for no apparent reason. Of course it coincides with a proliferation of mobile police speed traps, or Filth, as I refer to them. Funny that isn't it? It's happening in Manchester too and no doubt elsewhere in the country.
These were a couple of my pages done for Marylinn Kelly's Sunset journal in the original True Colors project. They weren't shown in the book, which I always thought was kinda sad, as they were among my very favorites. I washed the pages with the prettiest golden color seen in my mind's eye. The section of the page on the left is a little booklet I printed and stitched together of poems from various places, mentioning sunset but about humanity, layered over some very very old handprinted
Panini America, the world’s largest sports and entertainment collectibles company, announced today that it has reached a long-term agreement with the National Football League and NFL PLAYERS granting the company domestic and international rights for up to 18 product releases annually.
But ignoring the lexical turn-off, my wife makes great homemade yogurt. Lowfat. No added preservatives and questionable ingredients. It’s a delicious, healthy breakfast food, whether alone or with fruit and/or granola. It adds a nice touch to a fruit salad lunch.
Sat April 21' 2:00 - 6:00pm
Highly recommended for its delirious mixture of aerial combat, hypnotism, stage magic, spies, fiendish inventions and the paranormal.
I read the paperback version of The London Train, published by Harper Perennial, which contains an interesting essay by Hadley about her early days as a writer and another one about the process of writing The London Train. These were a bonus.
The first one was that my amazing husband and I celebrated 15 years of marriage!! We started our lives together on September 16, 1995. We were both very young. He was 18 and I was 19. We had people tell us that we would not make it. That was a very hard thing to hear when you are so young, but I am happy to say that even though we have been through some tough times, we are as happy and in love now as we were in 1995 and I believe that with God's help, we will have many more anniversary's to come!
Mother Nature put a damper on my potting bench project for the past couple days.
The Time Traveller's Wife, Audrey Niffenegger. 2004. Vintage
Week 13 DFAD instruction - July 18th 2010
I feel so West Coast!
I’m not sure I know what’s going on and this is because you’ve made up a world in your head and then discussed it with me without telling me how it works. Above, you set your reader up to receive new information about a plot turn (“But since Shyla’s rescue, things have gotten bizarre . . .”) and then it seems to take forever to actually get the information . . . two sentences to be exact.
I CANT DO WHAT I DID BEFORE MAKING POSTING TO MY BLOG A NIGHTMARE LOL.
“Even now you must realize there is no way back. Those roads have dispersed and you have new realms to venture. Descend, Canaan Quintanilla…Descend and embrace Their blessings…The Divine Devourer Demands It…”
Summary Description: The Department of Medicine at Columbia University, Division of Digestive and Liver Disease seek highly motivated Post-doctoral Research Scientist. Candidates will conduct translational research to investigate immune mechanisms in neuropsychiatric and developmental disorders. Specific areas of focus include celiac disease/gluten sensitivity, schizophrenia, autism, and ADHD. Demonstrable experience in protein purification and analysis, cell culture, small animal surgery, microarray work, and immunology and molecular biology techniques will be desired. The laboratory is located on the medical campus of Columbia University in New York City, and has on-going collaborations on a number of exciting projects with investigators at the National Institute of Health, Cornell University and Johns Hopkins University..
For the bellflower vine I used a vine trim that I sewed down using a running stitch in a gold metal thread along the stem. Then I added bellflower bead-caps with crystal beads in the centers.
In Harlequin, a ballet dancer in full costume stands upon a stage, his downcast gaze communicating his isolation. The flatness of the dancer’s costume, emphasized by its geometric pattern, contrasts with the weight and volume of his hands, and its monotone background conflicts with the depth achieved by the curtain. Thus, this rare painting stands as a unique amalgamation between the subject matter of the blue and rose periods and the play with perspective and illusionism found in his cubist works.
Big Hugs and Happy Crafting... (Do you think I'll have to do three pink cards now to make up for this blue one??!! hehe)
pulling, you are pulling me in
Pro: Free! Sometimes even paid! Sadly, I have no experience with the latter. The only time someone offered to pay me to ride a horse, I ended up doing a flip over the horse's head, banging my own head on a round pen, and landing in poop. Which brings us to the Con...and I'm not talking about Tegan and Sara here.
These are the only two steps left for me to consider my gender transition complete. Chest reconstruction surgery is expensive and not usually covered by insurance, so this is also dependent on getting the house sold. Changing my name is much cheaper and easier but I want to get all the legal headaches of selling the house out of the way before I do it. The tricky part is I don't want to be recovering from major surgery in an RV so I'll have to do that in between selling the house and setting out on my travels.
Psalms 5:8
There were several cans of food hiding in the dark recesses of this cabinet that I tossed; they were one and two years past their expiration dates. If they are only a couple of months past I'll put them to the front and use them right up, but too long over and they just don't have a good texture and taste. They won't kill you if you eat them, but they won't taste that good.
Plot: girl gets put into a deep sleep so that impotent old men can look at her naked in bed.
All went well until we got to Brecon bus station. Seeing us looking bemused (there was no sign of the 60-60 bus) another passenger pointed us in the direction of the T4, which I'd never heard of. He was on his way to Merthyr, and recommended it - and when we looked at the timetable with another passenger it looked as if there would be plenty of time for us to get back for the last bus home....
Potential Insights: Showcases the perceived individual change and improvement in various fields like character, athletics and relationships to other people (professional, socially etc.).
Phase 5) Win all the contracts
John begins by describing Jesus as God right from the beginning. In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. (v 1) “Word” is “logos,” and, in this case, refers to Christ. This is evidenced by verse 14, And the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen his glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth. John packs a lot of information in a short amount of writing. By the end of chapter one, Jesus has already called four disciples. Oddly, though, almost the entire second half of John’s gospel is taken up by the last week of Jesus’s life.
hysteria akin perhaps to the witch craze of the Middle Ages. How, they
Looking back over 40 or more years at these clips, I'm amazed at just how good she was. In this first clip of the Springfields singing "Island of Dreams" the band are singing live into one mike with the studio orchestra in the wings. No miming, although the fake American accents are a bit much. The guitarist at the back struggles to play a Bb chord at one part. Still awesome though.
# Punch a guy who was actually helping you out.
I have enrolled Henry in a mainstream summer camp starting next week where he will go two half-days a week with his younger sister, in hopes of introducing him to a more mainstream setting. He will also still get two half-days of SSD summer school.
So, Kady O’Malley is probably correct that Elections Canada (EC) doesn’t want to admit that since it didn’t charge Michael Moore with illegal door knocking in 2008 (and previously for comments during the 2004 election), it can’t exactly charge other Americans supporting the CPC with doing essentially the same thing. Taken by itself, it could just be two misguided Americans, ignorant of a somewhat obscure and unused law, and mercy could be shown by EC as it apparently was for Moore. The problem is, it cannot be taken by itself anymore. The damned law must be enforced. There is a forest of fraud, and the trees must be acknowledged.
He smiled. A gift. Isn’t everyone happy to receive a gift?
The Makioka Sisters is the story of four sisters from a once prominent Osaka family who, thanks to the great depression, have now fallen on harder times. Now granted, these harder times, though forcing them to sell the family business, are still times of prominence when compared to the abject poverty that hit Japan in the 1930's and became even worse after the war. We still see a family of ways and means but a family that does not know how to cope with being what they have become. But still, Ichikawa, a director who showed the horrors of this war torn era in The Burmese Harp and Fires on the Plain, never delves into the squalor that the youngest sister subjects herself too in order to be free of the restrictive past. Perhaps in the day and age of 1980's Japan, when the boom of their economy was hitting astronomical levels, Ichikawa was afraid audiences would not take to being reminded of their sometimes ugly past. Instead, the director, even with the inherent sadness, gives us just the beauty of the past.
We enjoyed the unfailingly kind reception we received from the scientists. Saudis really do love children and always interact with my kids. They treated me with dignity and politeness. There weren't many women at the exhibit, but a lot of kids.
There He’ll reward us
At dawn, the sun shines like a million moons
Theme not mandatory..just have fun and make some creations!
The onion sets have been planted.
Mark Lanegan Band – Ode to Sad Disco
Second: The Prime Minister-designate shall undertake the naming of the members of his Council of Ministers within a period not to exceed thirty days from the date of his designation.
Painful as it may be, with the current roster, the Penguins may have to consider running a similar set against teams that they cannot sustain a forecheck against, such as Philadelphia. “Defense” and “trap” are dirty words in Pittsburgh, but unless the Pens get a talent infusion on the lower lines, it may be a necessary evil to hang with Philadelphia and teams like them.)
The day has come...it's time for The Pinterest Challenge, Winter Edition (yes, it's 80-degrees out, but the calendar still says Winter!). This was Katie's brainchild last year to encourage us to get off our computer-parked-arses and actually make something we'd pinned. In a nutshell, STOP PINNING AND START DOING!
Breckenridge Autumn; Denver, Colorado, Old Ale, 6.7% abv
After I got it somewhat rolled, I sliced it in half and tried to adjust the lettuce so that it didn't look like it was falling apart. You know... so I could show you all a good picture...
Much of the action takes place at the psychological level. The book starts with the main hero, Chris, who was in (way) Upstate New York at the time of the first major outbreak finally returning to his home town in England looking for any remnants of his family and friends. There is some obvious tension between them, and then we flash back to his immediate doings before he arrived. It is this one year precursor period that is our primary timeline, and we work our way through it until we catch back up to the beginning scenes of the novel. Throughout the novel their are flashbacks to the extreme difficulties that Chris had in trying to make it home to England. Flashbacks within a flashback sounds confusing, but it works reasonably well.
This man is also supremely smug and arrogant. Is that what editorial office does to you? Or was he smug and arrogant before he got his top job? He’s had a privileged background – Oxbridge (PPE) and probably public school, where he would have met other Islamists and budding Islamoterrorists. Oh, the Oppressed Muslims!
You may have experienced the same thing from telemarketers. Their script always has them saying your name—as if it will build rapport. But it actually just feels creepy.
“I’ll live alone and find my peace/ I will slip into a coma/ Found somewhere north of Florida /But just south of Tennessee/ ‘Cause the sun I finally reached it/ Give me reason to move on now/ But there’s something in this heart I lost, somehow”
My Islam is Gabriel tap dancing on the open flames in a cave
He opened his eyes, releasing the memory of Camille and ending his long embrace with Violet. Violet ran upstairs and brought her homework down. For the first time in many months, he sat with his daughter on the same couch watching television while she did her school assignments. He flipped channels to a hockey game and slid into a more comfortable lounging position. Violet remarked.
In Britain, in March 1901, this brief scene was captured on film. Entitled The Death of Poor Joe - Joe being based on the crossing sweeper in Bleak House - it is now thought to be the earliest moving image reflecting a scene from a Dicken's novel.
8. Twenty-five (25) years ago, the Philippines had some sixteen (16) million hectares of rainforests constituting roughly 53% of the country’s land mass.
+Free rubber stamps each month of your term
We stayed at his grave for a time, then I went back and waited in the Jeep while Katie walked over to Jill's grave and sat for awhile. She talks to her mom out loud when she's there. I couldn't hear what she was saying, but I could see that they were having a serious talk. After a few minutes, she got up and walked back to the parking area where I was waiting. She got in the Jeep and closed the door, and I could see that she had been crying. I asked her if she was okay, and she just nodded her head and looked out the window. I knew from experience that meant she was still processing her thoughts, and she would talk to me about it when she was ready. We started toward home in silence.
When it's bad
Another major activity at OSCE consists of submitting papers to the official OSCE archives. There are guidelines to follow, both in style and in size, and it is recommended to keep papers to three pages, though more is accepted. In these papers it is possible to elaborate on issues presented briefly in the plenary sessions, add details, quotes and sources, and after the conference the papers will be available on the OSCE website for interested parties to access.
What about the wines?
Moon turned back to Kelly the collie with his mouth wide open.
I bagged up the remainder
But that was before parents were spoon-fed fear-mongering media pieces that emphasized the exceptional while ignoring the ordinary. The CDC, in 2001 reported that: "Thirty years ago, the sight of children walking or biking to school was common. In fact, nearly 90% of children who lived within a mile of school used active transportion (i.e., walking or bicycling) as their primary mode of travel. In recent years, the rate of active transport has declined dramatically." By 2005 the CDC reported, "Today, fewer than 15% of children and adolescents use active modes of transportation.
Of your eyes.........
The recently flooded regions of Kenya may be hit by water-borne diseases including UN health organizations have warned, urging for organized hygiene campaigns. The 2010 rainy season in Kenya, which is expected to last until late June/ early July, has already claimed 18 lives and affected the lives of more than 10,000 others. The worst affected areas are located in the northern, north-eastern and western regions of the country.
Once we graduate our lives still are not ours. I will have to find a job, one that I enjoy or one that I do not, to pay back the thousands of dollars in loans I will have built up from attending college in the first place. I realize that I do have control over working hard and finding a job that I love, but it has to fit into this box of what is conventional.
2010.08.18 Pal. Auth. Gaza 1 0 A 62-year-old woman is murdered outside her own home by Islamic fundamentalists.
Maybe more so, even. Like, say you’ve got an average-looking asshole. You resent and dislike this person for being an asshole. But if this asshole were say, really ugly or really good looking, I’m going to hazard a guess that your dislike for this asshole will be amplified. You’ll zoom in on all their physical imperfections (or lack thereof), and resent them even more.
Simone Elkeles did a great workshop where she shared all kinds of personal information. She laid it all out there: the advances she got for her books, the promotion efforts she tried that worked and those that didn’t, print runs, you name it. She said that it pissed her off when she was a newbie and wanted information and no one would give specifics, so she decided she would.
Next time we will start to wrap this thing up.
“And Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.”
Add your link...
To start my abstract I diluted purple, scarlet, lilac and blue heavy body acrylics so they were transparent and could be poured. This photo was taken after two pours. I poured through napkins, paper towels and kleenex but didn’t get much added texture because the Massa provided so much.
- Jean-Luc Godard
SCIENTIFIC GUY - What are you talking about?Writing like this doesn't come around every day, but it seems when it does, it has to be read by guys who didn't do well in Remedial Declamatory Speech 101.
There are plenty of good choices here, and they make it easy by displaying the “Wok Smart” logo next to any entrée with 250 calories or less. Get a two-entrée plate, avoid Orange Chicken and Beijing Beef, and you’re set…as long as you choose the mixed vegetables as your side. Here's why: Chow mein noodles (400 calories), steamed rice (420), fried rice (570!)…and vegetables (35).
This week I am using this fun image from our sponsor, Digi Doodle called 'Turkey in Disguise'. This 'dinner-in-waiting' has donned some bunny ears & gone undercover to hide his identity & comes with a few free fun one liner sentiments to illustrate his predicament - whether for Christmas or Thanksgiving . Of course, being in the UK, for me he is on a Christmas themed tag and has been coloured with Promarkers to what I hope is at least something vaguely turkey-like. LOL. I don't know about you, but I normally only see them when they are all plucked & in a shop freezer. LOL. I made the tag circular as I hoped it echoed his rotund shape given that he will have undoubtedly been especially fattened up! The addition a piece at the top maked my circle into a suitably Christmas-sy bauble & I hammered a slot into this for the ribbon to go through. The backing papers, by the way, are both designs by HOTP from my stash.
Some day I will define
Christianity Today! in 1990 devoted twelve full pages to the subject of The Remaking of English Evangelicalism but only four sentences to what it calls the “major public showdown” in 1966 when, after Lloyd-Jones’s address, a “surprised” John Stott “rose and rebuked Lloyd-Jones and rallied Anglican Evangelicals to their churchly duty’? Once again, the authors misunderstood the message ofLloyd-Jones by claiming that instead of addressing the subject of unity he “called instead for Evangelicals to leave the historic churches”. This is grossly misleading and inaccurate.
The next set was marked by uneven play from the American team. Rogers recieved most of the serves, therefore, he had to carry the offensive load. Team Brazil never served to Dalhausser because of his sheer size, 6’9″ and power. Brazil won the second set 21-17, though based on the demeanor Team USA was too worried.
Well, gender I guess.
It’s no secret that I loev Bug-Bond, the Non-tack UV cure resin that has revolutionized fly tying in many ways. Ever since I got introduced to it back in 2009 I’ve used it a lot and constantly find new ways and new applications for it.
It was Meant to be ~ ~
Add your vege's and cook
Behold, two formidable steel structures by Richard Serra.
“I cannot imagine any businessman could give away the amount when the deal is the same amount.
4 Dancing in the Dark
So the population dynamic in Sweden is a complex one, with the productive, law-abiding, and hard-working Swedes tending to move across the bridge, leaving behind the elderly and the layabouts — and the immigrants. It’s a vicious circle that is depleting Sweden of both its fiscal and human capital.
The Group of 88, in short, consisted of the professors with whom the president shared the greatest intellectual bonds of any on campus: upholding the presumption of innocence for his own school’s students against this group of faculty members’ actions would have required him to go against his own pedagogical and academic values.
even if you are born to give
Wrestling fans the Delirious card is one that you will not want to miss.
Anyway, not much in way of updates on the site, for which I apologize. One of these days I'll figure out what I should do with it.
Hello everyone! It is time to say goodbye to the old and welcome the new again. Lets say good riddance together to all things ugly; unhappiness, bad relationships, rotten luck and hope for a better year ahead.
4. Preheat oven to 325F.
I got my start stamping 9 years ago and started illustrating for Gina K in 2008. To date, I’ve created almost 50 stamp sets exclusively for Gina K Designs, with sets ranging from clean graphic to realistic nature images, whimsical animals, decorative elements, and am always looking to put a fresh spin on a theme or start a trend. In January of this
Perhaps at 23 I've already developed the mind of a 50 year old or perhaps anyone who does that is just a cunt? I'd like to go with the latter.
The plot, well, you know, this is Resident Evil: what do we need a story for? but since we have the makers from the first movie back it has a little more substance than the 2nd and 3rd movie of the series: Alice is back and she is lonely after having send her clones into Umbrella HQ in Hong Kong where they all died – some of them killed by the guy who is supposed to be the new T-virus supervillain (figures that they take a male to replace Alice). He is also the one that changes Alice back into a mere human – and she thanks him for it before they crash land with their superheli.
Indeed, the contagion most feared by Rebekah Brooks and James Murdoch is that involving allegations of hacking after the 2005-6 Inclusion Zone – ie, that zone within which Newscorp admits unequivocal guilt for hacking people illegally. Adverse revelations inside the period would be devastating (especially if they had any bearing upon the Brown/Blair plot story); but much more danger, yet again, lies in the upcoming civil cases pertaining to the period 2007-10, to which (I’m led to understand) a substantial number of allegations pertain.
Back in the days of the corner shop, lollies were a big deal to a kid. Do you remember walking up to that shelf full of candy, armed with a $2 coin that could fill your pockets? Chocolate bars were obviously top tier, but spare a thought, dear reader, for those lesser confectioneries – Fizzy Cola, Fanty, those soft teeth, Milkos, Redskins, Toffee Apples…
So with a breath of goodbye
To the end of the end
what I have to do to BE there for him, to help him navigate the waters of
Last week, The Globe and Mail ran an interesting series on school lunch (I was interviewed for it—check me out going on about the evils of marketing to children here). All in all, it presented a rather bleak portrait of Canadian (high) school lunch: cafeteria meals analyzed from one school were high in fat, grease and sodium, at another teens were teased if they brought homemade, non-packaged food, and at schools that had reformed their food service, kids were rejecting the healthy options.
Vintage peanut butter glasses
walking high as I pass by.
Pretty little raven at the bird-band stand
Do you remember the Ents from the Lord of the Rings stories?
The Sailors Varsity Baseball team lost a hard fought 5-3 game to West Shore Conference rival Bay last night. Andrew Harcula pitched a solid game giving up 3 earned runs while striking out 5. Kyle Nader, Mitch Peterson, Gabe Skahen and Vinny Ragnoni each had 2 hits while Alec Adams and Ryan Miller each had 1 hit.
HIS SEAMS WERE BARE.
Going to recess with your classmates didn’t make sense to me. I was in an all-girls school and everyone moved in packs,especially during recess. Girls would wait for their friends and they’d go together to the cafeteria. In our school cafeteria, you had to go to the table for your class and you can’t sit elsewhere. If you did, teachers will tell you to go back to the right table. This ensures that you will be sitting beside your classmates no matter what your walking-to-the-cafeteria arrangements would be. So it didn’t bother me that I walked alone to the cafeteria. I knew there would be people there, and I’d be sitting beside my classmates, and I’d be able to talk to them if I wanted to.
I also discovered there are slight variations in the recipe: Dorie Greenspan makes hers with extra virgin olive oil, others use vegetable oil, and some dress up the cake with almonds, or raspberry filling.
It is claimed that they had “spying gadgets”. They probably had an assortment of electronic devices, probably associated with their medical work.
I’m hiding in the woods like a paparazzi and the violinist is behind me.
Stier agreed. “The first lady wields a powerful pulpit whenever she speaks. She needs to be careful that her words are not misunderstood," he said.
Santa- "Toosha"
Seasonings, or aromatics, are used both in the brine and roasted inside the cavity of the bird. Since only the essence of the seasonings is small enough to pass through the skin and into the meat, your options are wide open. Whole spices and fresh herbs are excellent for brining. No additional salt is needed, but try things like fresh peppercorns, allspice berries, cloves, rosemary, sage, thyme, garlic or ginger. Apples and citrus fruits make great additions to the brine.
Christmas time is here. Time for feast. Time for presents. And speaking of presents, I know each and everyone of us have our own Christmas list. I come up with my own list of I don’t like to get for Christmas as a present and also a list of the ones I really want.
The audience sat with baited breath and a touch of knuckle biting.
With gaming in particular, I’m also pretty hesitant as to seeing this as a good thing. With all the AAA titles pushing and pushing in the graphics department, we have really seen things like gameplay and story suffer for it. After all, all the new games we get out in recent years have basically been “set pieces”, where you go from place to place admiring the hard work and amazing graphics without really playing the game; the Call of Duty and Final Fantasy (the recent ones) franchises are two notable examples of this. This is also causing a big problem in the industry, where making games is becoming too expensive. I am still fiercely against the $60 price tag, but I understand that this is not going away as long as games cost so much and take so much time to make. The problem with this is that because of the enormous price tag, it is getting too difficult to push the envelope, due to the costs and the risk (loss) that comes when the game bombs. That is why we are getting so much of the same game-wise recently.
Matthew Isaiah turned 6 years old today! What a blessing it is and such a miracle. I know that most people when their kids have a birthday, they are so happy and think back over the last year. Some people, like us, view each day and YEAR as MIRACLES given to us from GOD. Most of you probably know our sons miracle story, so I will only BRIEFLY give you some of what happened those early days of his little life. Our son was born after WONDERFUL 39 weeks of being in my body. It has always been such a blessing for me to carry my babies for 39 weeks. I KNOW how it is to lose babies before they are ready to be born. So, when we were pregnant with Matthew, we felt so blessed and happy, just ready for our baby. Our pregnancy was as perfect as the first pregnancy. We eagerly awaited his arrival and planned his c-section to happen on May 21, 2004. Wow, we were so excited and ready. On that morning, we got wheeled into the OR ready to have our baby and at 8:54am, our son MATTHEW ISAIAH was born…he was beautiful…he gave a CRY…they took him away to clean him up and as they were putting me under to finish me up, I heard someone say, “he is not changing color’…I didn’t know what that meant…until a nurse came into my recovery cubical and said, ‘where is Mr. Gonzalez? Your baby has a heart defect & serious lung damage and needs to be transferred NOW” and walked out. The next couple of hours were every parents NIGHTMARE…knowing that EVERYTHING was out of your control and you were given a prognosis from the pedi cardiologist that he “didn’t think he would make the transport” he was that critical…that your newborn baby was at a different hospital from me, the mommy and that he was undergoing emergency heart cath and open heart surgery at 8 hours old because they found out that he had a rare heart defect called TOTAL ANOMALOUS PULMONARY VENOUS RETURN (TAPVR)…unless you have been thru this, you have absolutely NO IDEA what we were thinking or feeling…I can’t even TELL you what kind of thoughts were going thru our head. All we could do is PRAY and ask others to PRAY for our son…and they DID…we had sooo much support and sooo many PRAYERS for this little boy from all over the world…I remember being given a private room when there were NO PRIVATE ROOMS on the post partum floor…and KNOWING that that happened because they felt things were not going to go well…I remember TRYING to use a pump to express milk and crying because I didn’t LIKE to use those !@#$$ pumps and HAVING to….and just praying and waiting for the phone calls from James to let me know how things were going during his surgery….and being told that it was SUPPOSE to be a 4 hour surgery but instead, because of excess bleeding, he had to go thru the surgery AGAIN to stop the bleeding and it took a total of 8 hours…of being wheeled into the PICU on a vent and the ECMO machine…a VERY sick little boy….the prognosis of UNKNOWN….of him being taken off ECMO at 5 days old and told that there was a 1% chance of survival (and that was being nice) because he was blue again…the color of purple/blue color…of watching and KNOWING that your beautiful baby boy could be GONE by the days’ end….of finally being able to hold your baby boy…of loving on him, talking to him and just PRAYING over him…and the memories continue to be BRIGHT and STRONG in my mind….we witnessed a MIRACLE that day when by the GRACE OF GOD, he DID NOT pass away like EVERYONE thought…that by the GRACE OF GOD, he continued to survive, defy and to PROVE every doctor wrong that because of that, doctors couldn’t GIVE me a prognosis for him because they NEVER knew what Matthew would DO! 98 days in the PICU….98 days of him fighting for his life and him DAZZLING the staff with his beautiful smile and spirit….
Since my LIVE chain heal still consumes riptide, I probably won’t be using it much until Mists, but it’s nice to gain appreciation for a little-used spell functionality.
Well here are the updated pictures of the girls room. It has been a VERY long process.
Terminal 3. WTF. Built on a scale that anticipates the days when humans will be 30ft tall and can walk 2km in 7.8secs from a standing start. Ever lost luggage coming into Singapore? The people in the miniscule Lost Luggage Cupboard are usually asleep or absent or both. Never encountered such an inefficient bunch, and E@L has had lost luggage all over the place.
The Printmaker’s Ball last night at the Hot House was a success beyond anyone’s anticipation.
Gabie drives a Mini Cooper. She also works part time as a delivery girl at Pete’s Pizza. One night, Kayla—another delivery girl—goes missing. To her horror, Gabie learns that the supposed kidnapper had asked if the girl in the Mini Cooper was working that night. Gabie can’t move beyond the fact that Kayla’s fate was really meant for her, and she becomes obsessed with finding Kayla. She teams up with Drew, who also works at Pete’s. Together, they set out to prove that Kayla isn’t dead—and to find her
An upcycled girl's dress from Bullfrogs 'N' Fireflies ($75 value)
As adults, we are always, always trying to get that childhood magic back again. We go to lengths and really aren’t aware of it. The magic starts for people when they are reminded of their childhood. Which is why finding a way to bring that back to an audience is the most important. If we all do that, we succeeded.
Then I realized that I can be right and be kind. By keeping my damn mouth shut.
KRIS BEAVER
Running shoes :)
The investigators are trying to establish whether the cut was self-inflicted, or if Teoh was coerced into cutting his wrist, or if the injuries were sustained during the fall.
Finally after a long few days of traveling and some time to think, Addison reached Pargon. She wanted to rent a car and drive to the manor but she only had enough money to take a small tour bus to the small historic city the manor was close to.
I don’t recall if I decided this after watching Harriet the Spy for the sixteenth time or after the one time that I heard a scream in my neighbor’s house and then a collective “Shhhhh!”, but surely enough—I decided that my neighborhood was far too interesting to simply go home on a regular day and lock myself inside all day until I had to leave the next day. So, at around six-thirty or seven last night, right when the sun set and it was starting to get dark outside, I sat in my backyard to listen in on my neighbors, as they always let their backyard sliding doors open. It got too dark outside, and there was no noise coming from their homes except loud TVs (#421 lets their kids watch Disney Channel), so I decided to sit on my front porch, and take my camera.
Thumbtack is similar to other freelancer databases but primarily related to administrative and back-office work. Tell them what you need and within 24 hours you’ll have 3-5 bids and be saying “bye, bye” to busy work.
After cranking AC till the heat wave is stopped
*moved to a convertible car seat. I think you like it better.
In 2004, I was lucky enough to be entrusted to work on special features for the infamous 1973 kidnap thriller THE CANDY SNATCHERS, a film that until then had all but vanished into a fog of complicated rights and silent participants. It was so obscure even exploitation completist Mr. Tarantino admitted to me he had not seen the film until after the DVD came out! Through heartfelt appeals and some prayers, I had coaxed actresses Tiffany Bolling and Susan Sennett to participate and tell their stories of the production for posterity. The DVD received great reviews and I'm still proud of my role in making it happen. Especially because of what happened long after the attention subsided.
This is a fairly Spicy and yummy starter which I had experimented the other day...I just loved it cause I really was craving to have something v spicy so I did cook according to my taste-buds...so try this and love it as my family did :)
On the outskirts of the village, the footpath heads across open pasture with a wonderful view of the North Downs scarp slope. Then along Towerhill Lane, which as the epithet ‘(Path)’ given on the map suggests, is not a lane but a narrow footpath that heads towards Gomshall, beneath arching hazel branches, in a narrow cleft that appears to have been carved into the sandstone. Like Towerhill Manor at its northern extent, its easy to imagine that such a right of way has seen hundreds of years of history – countless feet must have passed this way over the centuries.
He sees the world through vintage shoe button eyes and enjoys the sweet scent of flowers with his little embroidered nose.
Melt the butter in a small saucepan on medium-low heat, then add the lemon juice and stir to combine. Stir a couple tablespoons of the hot liquid into the yolk & sugar mixture to temper it, then add the yolks & sugar to the saucepan. Whisk constantly until the mixture just reaches a boil (~10 minutes or so, depending on how hot your stove runs), at which point the lemon curd will thicken sort of drastically and separate a bit, turning a brighter yellow underneath a layer of cream/foam.
"Life is both too short and too long to be unhappy. And if you're staying in a job that makes you unhappy because of money, I'd like to help you with that. I'm not a rich man, but I'm a blessed man. You're my family, and we take care of our family. This will be your inheritance anyway one day, and I'd rather be able to see you enjoy it while I'm alive! Figure out what your next step is! If it's photography, and you need a financial backer, you know who to come ask. If you need more time, let me know. Honor me, and accept this."
Mr. Obama has surpassed his predecessors in both categories; as of Nov. 17, he attended 54 events in 11 battleground states over 42 days. "Obama has certainly ramped up the volume," said Mr. Doherty, author of a forthcoming book called "The Rise of the President's Permanent Campaign…"
We all could learn from our poor and homeless sisters in the US the art of organizing programmes with little resources.
When she was at that point, oh my, how can I express to you how right it felt? It felt so right. I wasn't freaked out by her crying, I felt she needed it, I felt her release.
To be honest, I love male fragrance. Why, you ask? Personally I think the scent is more natural, and appealing. Female fragrance tend to try too hard, I have problem differentiating female fragrance.. hehe.. I was never too particular with which part of my body to put on the perfume, I’ll just spray at my neck and dash out the door. I can never finish a perfume within a year, it’ll usually take me 2 years to finish 1 bottle.. x_X
We pass a sign warning of Alligator Teeth (another species to add to the Park’s long list of fauna? No, just a traffic control measure) and another which explains why long trousers are being worn today in spite of the temperature – the risk of Lyme disease carried by deer ticks. The Ring heads directly north-west to Pen Ponds from Robin Hood Gate, but we take a more circuitous route in order to take in more of the Park’s stunning landscape. Heading off road, we continue through a parkland of unfurling bracken and gnarled and hollowed ancient oaks, to skirt the edge of Prince Charles’s Spinney, where a mass of bluebells carpets the woodland floor. A short but steep climb past an enormous oak monolith – a dead tree whose branchless trunk is allowed to remain standing, retained as valuable habitat for fungi, bats and beetles – leads up to Broomfield Hill, an open grassy area packed with picnickers.
I like this shirt because of the unique design and beautiful color. I already have a lot of gray clothes, so new or different colors from gray are always refreshing and welcome to add to my small wardrobe. I like the flare in the front. It’s girly, but it’s not too sweet, which I like. I combined different bottoms.
But, of course, the rain does come. And the wait was worth it. For Momo gets to use her new boots and umbrella. And she gets to walk all by herself without holding onto her mother's or father's hands.
Fernando
I love you all more than words can express!
(Please do not tell him I wrote this list. Our marriage works on a very carefully managed balance in which we keep each other's heads from blowing up from our own mutual coolness factors. *nods*)
Investigators noted that on 31st May 2008 that account contained USD 29.6 million!
4.Tomorrow is the neighborhood talent show and the prize is having your favorite reliable and awesome babysitter for FREE every Thursday night for the next two years. What are you going to do to WOW those judges and win the prize?
If you can keep a secret, so can I.
We are HUGE Cars fans in our house. It's probably our favorite Disney movie of all time. We've watching it at least 100 times, if not more. So to get the chance to go to radiator Springs and be a part of the movie is just so exciting!!!
In the LO I wanted to have a soft dramatic color play effect. I Used in the fore ground PP 7gypsies PP called "Walker". I so loved this paper and the color play going on. Of course there is those fab butterflies in it too! Then of course I also had to mix in a little Fabscraps pp to kinda keep it all grounded with so much color going on! The Fabscraps PP is called "Heritage rose". I colored the prima flowers with Tattered angels "Seven Seas" this is really a more torquoise color. In the picture taken of the LO it looks like a deep blue. I also used it on some of the Petaloo flowers that I used. Colored the letters which are also Tattered Angels mistables. Then I really went nuts on the Back ground PP with a bunch of colors that I pulled out of the PP of 7gypsies. I made some of Denise's tissue flowers with the tissue that I used to make the BG paper. In the center of those I used Prima Say it in crystals. Also used them behind the "Dream" part of the title. The smaller part of the title I used Glitz tiny letters. I also used a Lablanche stamp in the lower right corner. Dusty attic butterflies and rose vine I misted as well. Then to finish it out a MS punch around the edges. Here is a close-up of the BG paper I made also the blooms I colored.
using the HC daisy patch die i cut 6 large, 4 middle and 3 small daisies from double sided pattern paper. then i embossed the petals, assembled the flowers, added a button to the middle and tied the layers together with green hemp cord.
Grab some popcorn and enjoy the show!
White cardstock by Bazzill
Recently they released their first EP 24hours of Playgirl from Korean independent label Beatball Music and Playgirl is stealing boys' hearts with their delightful performance.
Just what are the lessons that our schools are teaching to our children?
I invoked the secret names
Red Snapper with Mango Shrimp Salsa
I have my friend Alex Keto to thank for introducing Tintin to my family. Like so many of you Alex mailed my boys books after our house burned and the books he sent were some of the many Adventures of Tintin.
The answer becomes obvious if we posit (as I have done at length elsewhere) that Leftists really have no concern at all about what they are advocating, that they do not really care about human advancement at all, that their "concern" for the poor etc. is a sham. What they really want they want now -- and that is power, simple causes that will win them praise and drama in which they can star as the good guys. That really is about all. And neo-liberalism meets none of those needs. The policies advocated by Neo-liberals do demonstrably lead to slow but steady human economic advancement and do increase prosperity for all to levels once undreamt of in human history. But such policies also diffuse power, are far from simple and are very undramatic. It is hard work just to understand neo-liberalism and there are no immediate rewards inbuilt. One could, for instance, TRY going onto the streets and demonstrating in favour of "comparative advantage" (one of the essential ideas underpinning advocacy of free trade) but that would almost certainly lead to total incomprehension rather than win kudos. And Che Guevara is someone that anybody and everybody can understand -- which is a lot more than can be said for Eugen von Boehm-Bawerk.
Shirt Color (used Patons Astra School Bus Yellow)
Hodder, 1997, pb. ISBN: 0 340 68160 8
For This Look I Used:
she is amazing~
I’d basically reward the players for balancing their use of the two characters in the pair with extra power to their attacks, or bonus points at the end of the level to spend on stuff. Can’t get into the specifics of the system I have in mind for privacy reasons, but people in my inner circle have noted that the specifics are weird/interesting, with some noting that it could be annoying, so I need to find a way to make it work without being intrusive.
Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor’s Degree in Chemical, Mechanical or Marine from reputable university
What a hilarious piece of journalism this is.
and I look forward to sharing your smiles, your laughter and your tears with you.
One other truth is that LOST totally changed my life and my life will never be the same. Yes, all aspects of my life even down to my ringtone (which is You All Everybody) and the fact that I only play 4-8-15-16-23-42 in the weekly lottery. Believe me, there are many other fun LOST bits and serious LOST bits that are incorporated into my daily life.
Joe R. Lansdale – Deadman’s Road
For those of you sewing the Colette Negroni pattern, you may want to choose a more casual fabric -- a print, say, or a small plaid, or even flannel. You'll see there's plenty on offer at the sites listed above. I'd stick to 100% cotton.
Sometimes when a book is getting really close to releasing I’ll do this thing where I become a book stalker. I don’t do it intentionally really. It’s more of a random type of stalking, which I guess would shave a few years off my sentence (or a few yards off my restraining order) were we talking about humans and not books.
But was it enough? Am I doomed to mediocrity... and worse, actually ENJOYING it? What's this whole being-content thing? Ack. What a horrible word. I feel like the word 'Content' is me: 5 kilograms heavier, farting in my track pants, hair to my shoulders, with a beard breeding spiders.
First the lyrics...
And as a German, I tell you, I want Germany to continue to exist. Because the Germany of today is a superb, free and just country no one need be ashamed of. That is the great legacy from your generation which must be preserved.
To Enter: Just follow my blog via GFC!
Life is full of the unexpected. I guess it would be boring if it wasn't.
attempting to detonate the
The other problem was that it seemed to take a long time to bake. That was due to either so much batter vertically or because this was in my Magic Line pan, which is more heavy duty than my regular Wilton pans. I must have taken it out still too early. There was a spot in the upper center of the cake that I noticed when leveling / torting that was slightly under-cooked.
Torquemada is, I think, not only the greatest villain ever created in comics, he's arguably the greatest villian in fiction. Hyperbole? I don't think is.
Other news - Katie finally lost her tooth last week. If you remember it first wiggled the night before school started and she hung on that thing for 49 days. Oh the trauma! And Kyle seems to be finally getting the idea that he has to stay on the field for the soccer game. He has moments where he really gets into it and goes after the ball and then the other 75% of the time he is wandering aimlessly or playing in the goal or chasing his friend Gavin. But he did stay on the field today.
Describing Jónas composing a poem on Iceland’s birds with a youthful accomplice Sjón writes: “Láfi had begun the poem, the first three stanzas were his, but had run out of birds and inspiration by the time I turned up. As we walked from farm to farm we took to chanting the poem together. He recited the first verses, which he had knocked together with some skill, and I slid into the metre—slipped into like a tongue into the socket of a well-boiled sheep.”
At the vestiaire and we had to leave all personal belongings -- including, of course, cell phones and cameras. Damn - no photo ops to be had! Then a security guard scanned us one by one with a metal detector before we were allowed down the stairs to the set.
We finish with the flourless chocolate cake, ethereally light and fluffy, and a nightcap of Pedro Ximenez sherry.
There are many teachings that are playing with the energies of the human race and these teachings will now begin to dissolve, they no longer serve a race of BEings that are now beginning to remember, to come into balance and to come into the flow of ALL that IS. The mind will try to move the balance back to being one of the mind controlling the body but that is not balance dear ones, the body is but a VEHICLE, an instrument that is used by the SOUL to move around on the planet of incarnation. The teachings of distortion can be so deep in many in the human race that they believe they are the body and not the SOUL. We guide for you to look at this and to begin to dissolve this for this is but smoke and mirrors created by a race that sought to contain and suppress the human race.
Pittsburgh Pirates - Nachos Grande
Wits and swords are as straws against the wisdom of the Darkness…
One might also notice that in this study, the association of intelligence with being ill was larger in the 1970 cohort versus the 1946 cohort - 0.80 vs. 0.70. Whether that is significant or not I don't know, but if it is it could be due to a lesser stigma attached to disability leave in more recent years, or to a more relaxed policy of granting such leave.
As I pottered along I noticed a bustling market. It appeared busy. The smells of cooking food were enticing to my palette. I didn’t realise I was hungry until I smelt the aroma of cooking meat. Then I realised I was starving. I realised that if I didn’t consume some dead animal inside a bread roll with a dollop of mustard on it I would most likely pass out from hunger. A swift right turn and I was heading in the direction of cooking meat.
Samsung has gone all out to the kill the other competitors in the Tab market. No one but this leviathan stands tall while other companies run for cover.
Sprout’s a complex character and, as such, it’s difficult to form a bond with him. He’s extremely intelligent, quick witted and sarcastic but his personality strikes a fine line between funny and derisive and, at times, he’s not very likeable at all.
& Felt by Deirdre Baugh
As of today, over a month away from the screenings, tickets are selling fast and I predict it’ll be sold out in no time!
Here is this week's speculative fiction prompt. I'm not labeling it this week, so take it whatever direction you choose. Have fun with it!
Our verse tells us that Saul was chosen. “The God of our fathers hath chosen thee.” Compare this with the account in Acts 9:15. “He is a chosen vessel unto me, to bear my name.” Whose name? Verse 17 gives the exciting answer as Ananias continues his message to Saul.
We were in the final stages of a cat-and-mouse game with the enemy diesel submarine. The simulated war had escalated to the point where Santa Fe was authorized to sink it.
So we are going to pray now and then Ed is going to lead us in singing. If you want to start walking together, if you need freedom from the rituals and rules, if you long for that loving, passionate, grace filled, relationship with God – come down here, let’s pray together, and start that journey.
1/2 cup milk chocolate chips
Yeah, it would be better for this altoholic if my new Pandaran could also go and catch pets for the chorus. We’ll wait and see.
pink bombshell
Back to the discussion – surrender. Ouch.
In the gift shop there was a display of two-inch-high animals made of porcelain. Marissa and I both sprinted for it the moment we saw it, which was the same moment we ran in the door. We also both stopped dead three feet away, then inched closer. “You break it, you bought it,” Mom always said. We were searching feverishly for our new favorites, but there were so many. A nice teenage girl came over, though, and asked, “What kind of animals are you girls looking for?”
L – Low power
- Fuji apples extra fancy $0.98/lb ($2.16/kg, BC)
7.) The Local Government Unit has decided that the perfect community project would be a pap smear campaign.
You have a chance to win this book if you leave a comment and your email on each designer's blog. Keri Lee will draw three random winners from the comments left between Friday - Monday. The winners will be drawn and notified on Tuesday.
So, I don't know about you, but when I have on the perfect outfit (and it was perfect for my mood for the day) the idea of changing said perfect outfit is nothing less than crazy making. What does one wear, I ask, that somehow will look ok for work, but also allow you to possibly get covered in plaster and dust and shit at the same time? And also, will make you feel as good as the outfit you were just wearing and are now forced to change out of?
GK: Again, I don't know. But I will say this: If I am asked to work on Brooklyn Tomorrow, I will, of course, do so in my inimitable fashion.
On the song Look At The Sun on my record, I had an idea of an acoustic guitar riff. I wanted to record it quickly, just to remember it. Then I worked the whole song on the "demo" guitar. When I recorded the guitar I had the window open and my fan blowing air randomly on the mic. Then when I wanted to record the "real" guitar with the clean sound, there was no character. I kept the "demo" guitar.
Choose between sitting mode for youngest baby and motion-activated as they grow
The meeting is open to the public.
mtscrapgal said...
I've had a lot on my plate these last couple of weeks but hope to be back in the craft room next week. Hubby and I are taking a much needed break and will be spending the next few days in Atlantic City, where we always have a great time. WOO HOO!
Finally, I really bonded with that beautiful brown horse. We were friends, whatever her name was that I've now forgotten, and I. I can't wait to try this again!
At the same time, I realized that I had kind of been neglecting myself a bit too. Don't get me wrong, I feel very fortunate to so thoroughly enjoy being with my children that I really don't ever feel the need to "get away". I guess that's why it was so hard for me to see that not taking time for myself was actually hurting me and my family. It was hard for me, hard for my girls, and hard for my husband when I was away, so I felt like it made everyone's life easier if I just always had at least one of the girls with me at all times. I felt selfish when I thought of doing things alone, knowing my girls would be sad and my hubby would be stressed if I left.
happen in the studio," she says. "But then a lot of the times
The hardliners in the Big Brother have apparently prevailed in the handling of tomorrow Bersih 3.0 gathering.
...and guys don't think I didn't notice The Wire reference.
Southern Europeans were quickly defined out of the equation by Nordicists, especially in the US where they were widely despised, but Hitler actually put Meds second only to Nordics. He hated Slavs, but this was mostly because he said they were a “slave race”.
I am not aware of the context, but now as my eye moves round The Last Judgment taking in Jesus’ return in glory, the angel with the Trumpet, the blessed, I think of Kandinsky and early Joan Miro with separate subjects in one painting, in relationship but no longer in one perspective.
I bet the players were aware of that as well.
Winner will be announced Monday on Alex's blog during the "Z" post! Good luck & Godspeed!
But wait, the grand finale topped them all. An “Original” guitar piece that started by sampling an old Nirvana song (hmmmmm maybe your little peers and overage parents may not recognise it you horrid little boy but it was STOLEN and not played well to boot!!) …. and just when I thought that couldn’t get any worse he got out a guitar bow and some drumsticks and TORTURED his poor guitar the way I felt my whole body had been tortured whilst sitting there. If I was his parent I would have grounded him to his room, minus all access to musical instruments for about …. eternity … yes by then hopefully he would have learned his lesson,
When it comes down to it, that’s what this post is really about. Barely two months ago, my grandpa – my Mini’s “Puppa” – was diagnosed with Acute Myelogenous Leukemia – and given a prognosis ranging from moderate to poor (depending on the treatment regime chosen and the response of the disease to it, of course). One dose of chemotherapy didn’t significantly improve Puppa’s counts, but didn’t drag him down at all, either; he still fought like hell. Even a nasty, raging infection to his IV port didn’t take the fight out – it was only when his oncologist really explained why he had recommended hospice care (rather than continued chemo treatments) that he just gave in, and let go… within a week, he was gone.
Frost’s last line, repeated, is a momento mori,
The Spanish cake recipe I used was somthing completely different to anything I've done before, it doesn't really sound like a cake when you read the ingredients and method, but it really works so well and tastes delicious. The bulk of the cake consists of beaten eggs and alot of ground almonds, with a generous amount of whole oranges, and, no flour whatsoever making it a great cake for anyone who may be wheat intolerant or sticking to a gluten-free diet.
■ “And very early in the morning the first day of the week, they came unto the sepulchre at the rising of the sun.” (Mark 16:2)
Yesterday...
Anyway, when it comes to the corporate image of this brewery, I think you get the idea.
African Americans lived in the shadows. Our lives weren't documented or studied, except in some sociology texts where a deficit model was used. Yet, throughout America's history many lived quiet, unassuming, unnoticed lives. Some were successful; others were not. The Civil Rights Movement changed how we were viewed and the election of Barack Obama put a spotlight on the Black family.
I can't tell you how excited I am to begin another of Heather's courses. I learnt so much from 30 day vegan and this one will have so much more to offer as it's a 3 month course, I am so happy to be doing this with a friend as I'm sure at times I will find it a challenge and I know Rose will be there to listen and offer advice. Ummmm, you will be won't you Rose?
PS Have an Amazing Palm Sunday.
7. Easily Unzip downloaded .zip files from within the app
Thank you sooo much for joining us today Darby, and thank you to all my readers too! I want to offer you all a chance to win an e-copy of Griffin Rising. All you need to do is leave me a link to your favorite angel pic in the comments below. At the end of the month I will use random.org to pick someone to win an e-copy from Amazon. Also please leave your email address so I have a way to contact you if you win. Following is not required this time, but it is always appreciated! So lets see those links so I can share the pics with everyone! (make sure you leave your comment with a link before 4/30)
I no longer have to deprive myself…
The Oregon Trail
How to explain where I am at these days?
Unwins ideas on street bye laws were highly influential.
Today, I woke up at noon. Something I never do, because I think sleeping away at least four hours of your life in the morning, when you could be doing something productive, is a waste. When you could just do that sleeping at night instead of staring into space and letting thoughts eat at your brain. But I guess that's hypocritical of me to say, because that's exactly what I do. Oh well.
Hair Accessory: Coral orange flower clip from Accessorize
I have to admit...yellow is not one of my favorite colors. GASP!! But I also have to admit that this layout is one of my favorites that I've ever made. And it wasn't even for me! The picture of my friend's little girl just begged to be scrapped with Blissful and I was thrilled with the way it turned out.
There was a lack of good stories targeted at teens when I was growing up and also a lack of novels with girls as the main character, overcoming the odds. Recently a mother of a 16 year old girl told me that there are still not enough challenging books with a girl as the hero and she feels that HIDDEN helps to plug that gap. I remember reading the Just William books and loving them as well as the Famous Five, but girls just didn’t do anything interesting. When I was eleven I was very influenced by reading The Lord of the Flies by William Golding. Fantastic adventure story, pushing the boundaries of society as we know it. But not a girl in sight! I really envy the young people today as they have such a wide choice of books to read.
I have been oogling cards around the web that have used oms & colored pencils on kraft paper. I LOVE the look of that technique! Now, an artist I'm not, so don't get your hopes up! But this is my first attempt at coloring on kraft paper using oms & colored pencils...
Being skeptical sorts here at NAC, we've looked past the performance of the attending mayors and focused instead on the current state of temporary/temporary 1Si "leadership" in the absence of permanent/temporary top-salary-garnering:
“Anything!”
The wireless modem provided is of inferior quality and breaks down easily.
The real question in the sanity check this holiday season, who is keeping who on their toes?
I actually wrote this poem last night when I was speaking to him after a little while!! well I told him I was going to post it today because I had posted too many posts already! so here it is
As the fear of witches and witchcraft increased, the Catholic Church extended its definition of witchcraft to include anyone with the knowledge of herbs. It was alleged that these people had pact with the Devil either “explicit or implicit”.
TRAINSPOTTING (John Hodge)
Then, leave somewhere to dry for a few hours (I think you're supposed to leave it for 24 hours? I did for some, but not all)
My dog killed:
The latter is in essence ... beaded paisleys ... and I've cranked out 10 so far ... and they are pretty cool!
Baby, baby, so beautiful.
Rosie Burton (bassoon)
I still believe that the most important aspect of any relationship is communication, but my humility and patience (and a car ride) are needed to achieve it.
Wan Shahinur Izmir paid the bail.
I used small tester pots which cost practically nothing, and which I had still left over from Easter egg decorating .
Ms. LaBombard was involved in the design of the High Line and gave us insight into how one of the most fascinating public spaces I have ever experienced, came to be.
* I’m housesitting this weekend for a friend of mine who has a litter of puppies she needs to have someone keep an eye on. I am making the supreme sacrifice to help her out, because I'm just a wonderfully caring friend. Did I mention that she has a gorgeous in-ground pool with a Tiki bar and outdoor fireplace? I know, I know. I’m just a giver.
7. Jacksonville Jaguars WR Robert Blackmon (Ok.St.) Quick name the two starting receivers for the Jags. If your lucky you might remember the name Mike Thomas. But if you didn’t Blaine Gabbert wants you to remember his new favorite target for next year. Creating some excitement in Jacksonville is what they need since the last 5 years they were one team that was always speculated to move to LA.
This is a sneak peak of the Friendship Mini Sampler Quilt Along that starts tomorrow.
September 8th Post Script:
Like many vehicles, the Jetta TDI has been subject to a recall over the last few years. In this instance, all Volkswagen and Audi TDI models were recalled for a fuel leak issue. It applies to all Jetta TDI models built between May 2008 and September 2011.
I was lucky with the sun, snapping away rapidly to make the most of the fleeting sunlight, highlighting their scaly shadows (a mistake, as they didn't have scales!).
The community reminds us that God comes first, then others. The irony is the more we focus on God and serving people, the more complete we feel as individuals.
Art object:
My Swedish Tilda is coloured with pencils.
Janice Gaines is currently working on her debut album, to be released in the Fall of 2012. Noted for her soaring soprano range and a rich, clear tone, and supported by several of the biggest names in Gospel and Christian music, including Mary Mary, Donald Lawrence and Natalie Grant, Janice Gaines is positioned as one of the leading female vocalists in gospel music’s new generation of artists.” -(OneDayMusic)
In saucepan, stir together sugar and cornstarch.
Popular ETFs example
We plan on going out for dinner but hope we don't have to wait in line.
At first, I said, "Well, I liked the movie and I can absolutely see how it could make a difference in a couple's marriage, but that's not the case here." Well, it's been a few weeks since we saw it and I've since changed my mind. I think it actually did make a difference in Joe. Little by little, I've seen some changes in him. Will they last? Is he really changing things now? And is it too late anyway? Only time will tell, but there's definitely something good working in him.
Those eyes will get me everytime. You can be quite stubborn and won't let up until you get EXACTLY what you want. Attached to your momma is an understatement. You are one BIG ole momma's boy. Biting your friends at school comes and goes. Hopefully this trend won't last too long.
Appetizers consisted of salad options and chilled seafood. The seafood pieces (crab halves, oysters, mussels) were almost always half empty. And they weren’t even arranged, not like what you see in SukeyWasHere’s blog. Though we came to dinner just a little past 6PM, it already looked like the salad ingredients were leftovers from lunch, not freshly prepared.
it is amazing how rapidly the spring season soared by.
Candlelight Records today launches a free label sampler available exclusively from Amazon.com. The 8-song sampler includes previously unreleased material from FALLOCH, THE ROTTED, WODENSTHRONE, SEAR BLISS, WOE, WINTERFYLLETH, RUMPELSTILTSKIN GRINDER and includes the first single from IHSAHN’s new album Eremita.
We might wonder about a policeman who distinguishes between a soldier and the soldier’s gun only in terms of their capacity to threaten. Klaatu isn’t so concerned, because Gort was built by people like him; that is, the very beings Gort oversees. But it doesn’t seem like they can stop him once he’s on the job. And so I always finish The Day the Earth Stood Still wondering how wise Klaatu really is. Did his people solve any of their problems, or did they just cede all their discipline to a bunch of machines? Is humanity’s mish-mash of ideologies—by comparison so inelegant and imprecise—actually any worse? Klaatu’s only message, spoken so gracefully, is that greater force trumps lesser force. However, should the day come when Gort makes a mistake, no one will be smiling. And no one, anywhere, will know what to do.
$39
Then just unroll and use as you normally would. We taped them to the wall in a criss-cross pattern over the food table. Smile politely when your husband says, "I didn't know where you were going with those babe, but now they look cool!" Resist the urge to scream, "In yo face!" or "Wait until you see what color I'm painting the Dining Room!"
Last night was Females, Flannel, and Fire (or fun) night at the pavilion! It was such a good time! We sipped hot apple cider, roasted marshmallows and made s'mores, listened to Mrs. Olshine speak about resting in God, worshipped together, and made fruit/chocolate melts (take a banana and make an incision through the peel and into the banana, stuff it with chocolate chips, wrap in aluminum foil, and stick it in the fire. Let it sit for 5-8 minutes, take it out, and eat.). It was such a good evening!
The matter of the email evidence, its alleged disappearance and subsequent retrieval, is clearly material, substantial and relevant to the case.
It is amazing how efficient the police can be when it comes to finding enemies of Zion. Unlike the usual slow, and lazy policing of the knuckle-scraping dimwitted buffoons of the State, when Jews are involved the police spring into action with such speed that it is almost as if they knew who they were looking for before the crime was committed!
The battle of wits has begun. It ends when you decide and I win. Now, a clever girl would leave you a clever comment, so you should clearly pick this comment to win. However, only a great fool would choose the most clever comment. You are no great fool, so you should clearly not choose this comment to win. But I would have known you were not a great fool, I would have counted on it, so you can clearly choose this comment to win!
Every rational number has an infinite repeating decimal expansion. In particular, every integer admits two decimal expansions: one with and one without a "tail of nines". This means that 1 = 0.9999…, a provable fact that many people still choose to disbelieve. What do I mean here by "provable"? I mean "provable by finitistic reasoning", that is, by a purely algebraic proof free of notions of continuity or convergence. The proof in this particular (and particularly popular) case goes like this:
A man is judged by his friends, a man is judged by those he associates with and a man is judged by those he supports, therefore it is only reasonable and fair that anyone that supported the ANC over the past hundred years be judged by his support of the ANC. It also then stands to reason that anyone who supports and finances terrorists must be a terrorist himself, even if he does try to disguise the terrorists by calling them "Freedom Fighters".
Galbraith, J.K. (1969) The affluent society. 2nd ed. Boston: Houghton Mifflin.
First up, these gorgeous John Derian decoupaged trays and plates.
Q: You teach writing. What's the one thing you tell your students over and over that no one believes? What do you wish you had heard as a novice writer?
He couldn’t stop laughing. What else does one do in the face of one’s own folly? I couldn’t stop laughing myself. What else does one do in the face of such sweet strategic victory? That made two of us, laughing hysterically with tears rolling down our faces over third anniversary dinner. What else do we do in the face of mutual checkmate?
2. Write a poem about what you would like to be famous for.
I was ready to go
I am learning to rely on Jesus to fill me with His joy in all circumstances. Praying the Fruit of the Spirit has been instrumental in helping me to really concentrate on the gifts of the Father. When praying in the Spirit, our trials become opportunities to see God’s amazing grace and goodness. He prepares a table in front of our enemies. He equips us to handle all situations and trials.
The incident - which gained national attention when it was captured on videotape and distributed on YouTube - had prompted the government to sue the men, saying they violated the 1965 Voting Rights Act by scaring would-be voters with the weapon, racial slurs and military-style uniforms.
Originality, variety and imagination.
The ad industry grew up, the marketing industry grew up, our creative people grew up, and our clients grew up. We came to understand that advertising's power was limited and contingent. We came to understand that a lot of advertising was wasteful and inefficient. We learned that television was not a miracle and advertising was not magic.
The mail that gets opened?
30’38 It’s All Good (Interlude)
A soldier is brave and a terrorist is a coward. A soldier is protecting and preventing violence and a terrorist is inflicting pain and suffering. The Bhagavad Gita is the scripture of bravery in both realms of physical and metaphysical.
These are the examples of interests I've been given:-
“As a Christian minister, I believe that marriage is under threat from many angles, but also believe that recognizing same-sex unions will help return marriage to its rightful place in society.”
I know I'm doing the right thing. I know Joaquin will learn best from his typical peers and he will learn best to TALK from his typical talkative peers. But it's still hard and it hits you.
»Scene 4 – iCarly studio«
For the past year, The BestHubbyEver has had a bee in his bonnet about rising fuel prices. We have a large house heated by an oil powered hot-air furnace. It's been getting plum painful to see the bill after the oil man comes to fill up our tank. Oy!
Bill always knew the right thing to say and because of that we looked
It's okay that I am WAYYY excited that we finally have a Whole Foods here! Don't laugh at me....this is a big deal for us country people. I've been over there a couple of times, and other than the chicken caesar wrap that made me sick, it's great! I am all over the herbal teas, yo.
- She had undergone 39 separate surgeries to repair damage
#14 – The Five Heartbeats
That sorrow took on a whole new meaning when in 2005 my second son went from the arms of my husband, his earthly father straight into the arms of his Heavenly Father. Mother's Day was doubly hard as a daughter missing her mom, AND as a mom missing her son. Mother's Day seemed like a day simply to exploit the brokenness in my life. Losing Asher in 2008 only compounded the pain.
Brasserie De L'Abbey DU Val-Dieu: 2.98 Mugs
Weiner Dogs Rule!
3) Jesus’s death caused the disciples to despair and lose hope;
Here is how you could help support and make Operation Shower an even greater success!
Here is the entire text of the Arizona law (SB 1070). I defy anyone to actually cite a passage that is racist, or which actively endorses any racist policy.
we got big giant ballons, cute decor from around the house, and the happiest two year old on the planet. Our bubbaboo LOVES some powdered donuts. They are his favorite. In fact, i'm pretty sure i'm still finding powdery goodness in between our couches...
- Colton has successfully latched twice to breast feed.
Our businesses are so much more data driven than they used to be. At the same time, many of us are now a lot more social in the way we do business. These two factors are reason enough to look at the cloud. Using software as a service (SaaS) can increase the efficiency of your communication with others – whether that’s your clients or colleagues.
One of the most colorful of the Bremonds was Eugene’s son Pierre. His wife, Nina Louise Abadie, was an athletic and beautiful young socialite from St. Louis, and was fond of swimming, cycling, dancing, and tennis. During her youth she went ice skating on a lake and fell through some thin ice, and was saved from drowning by George Chopin, young son of Kate Chopin, the novelist who wrote “The Awakening.”
Sun shine & the birds
One of the more exciting things I’ve found about getting your book together is making the book cover. I truly believe book covers can make or break a sale. While I’m much more understanding in the last few months on indie publishing (covers from scratch are pricey, y’all), I still judge books by their covers. If the cover is cheesy or looks like it’s kinda hokey or even just plain bad, it’s going to take one heck of a story summary to catch my interest into giving someone my money. People tend to air out their aggravations over “homemade” covers. I’m constantly looking at different ones on Amazon and taking note of what works for me and what doesn’t. We all do it and if someone swears they don’t, they’re lying to you. Good covers are better than bad covers. Period. Question is, what defines a good cover and how do you make one from scratch as an indie author?
It’s nice to be able to close matches because they are not at all what I want in a husband – and not feel guilty about closing the matches. I think that’s really cool. The scary thing is when a match I actually am attracted to keeps talking to me after multiple emails. I go into every conversation expecting it to end. So when it doesn’t end, it starts triggering insecurities in me that I did not realize I even had.
According to the HRC statistics, 21,000 people died in political violence in South Africa during apartheid - of whom 14,000 people died during the six-year transition process from 1990 to 1994. The book lists the number of incidents, dates, and those involved.
My card is an A2 size card. I used kraft card stock for the base. The lettering was done on my computer using a font called LDJ Happy Tails, I do not remember what size font it was. I also used clip art for the doggie toys. The paper is DCWV and some I printed using the Imagine. :)
Have fun making cards and come visit me today if you're in Savannah!
Send me your light
It’s true; I am sick to death of YA fiction I’ve been reading. I’m sick and tired of the angst. I don’t want dark, traumatic and sombre stuff. I loathe and detest the dystopia. The world is a shitty enough place as it is, there’s enough angst and trauma out there. I don’t want to drag it into my leisure time. I want to read stories that are hopeful, happy, and maybe, God forbid, even just a little bit funny.
One trick is to just fold one edge up until it meets the top edge, then crease it, and then cut along the outside or unfolded edge. Now open it up, and you’re going to use the crease that was formed when you folded the parchment as a guideline to cut your triangle out.
"Mr and Mrs Hanger-Ending...and their son Cliff"
You wont see any blogging this weekend from me. I have decided not to bring the computer with me, and just take this time for family and hopefully getting some relaxation in while I am at the hospital. So I will post some pics and do more blogging next week! If I have any giveaways that say they have ended, but I havent actually posted the winners yet, feel free to still enter. I will extend their closing dates to when I get back next week to pick a winner.
But I wasn’t going to let that get in the way! I cleaned everyone and everything up … Patella helped, she licked herself and the floor and licked up all the bits she could reach and find on the walls and cabinet doors, Mei kicked her feet in delight and continued playing with her toys, watching Patella dart around the kitchen, snout to the floor, hunting for more bits to lick up and I put an extra teaspoon of brown sugar, white sugar and a tablespoon (since that’s what I guesstimated that I lost…) of butter back into the bowl. Thankfully, all this excitement meant that the whisk actually beat the butter up enough that I could run the whisk and everything would stay in the bowl this time and cream up nicely! Scraping down the sides of the bowl periodically, I beat the butter and sugars until they were nice, light, creamy and frothy and continued on with the recipe.
4. Third World Part II (3:02)
Some history from the back cover which may be of interest:
Almost immediately upon arrival, the present seems to be eerily reflecting the past, and Maggie forces him to pick up a hitchhiker. Jim's initial reaction makes him appear to be a bit on the crazy side--which he undoubtedly is--but this new Hitcher is right there with him.
Me: What about the cheesy lips?
VERY GOOD QUALITY audience recording
In 2009, it was money.
Here is the 20 pounds gone pic, and yes, I'm still missing my head!
Karen is a writer and last summer she went to an art symposium put on by the Colorado Arts Ranch called Sex and Sensibility, in Trinidad, Colorado, which, as you know, is the sex-change capital of the world. The song is sung in Spanish and it’s about her road trip there and meeting various artists and writers including Dr. Marcie Bowers, who performs the surgeries. It’s a corrido, of sorts.
“Do you really think, that you’re one of those girls, who thinks that some prince will come along, and be great to you, and treat you like you’re something special because you’re “different”? That’s laughable.”
Let me end this piece by saying my heartfelt thanks to the staffers of Ronan Veterinary Clinic in Commonwealth Avenue. I know they did their best to prolong my cat’s life. Being able to express my grief via Facebook also helped me come to terms with her death. I really appreciate fellow animal-loving friends who took the time to send me messages of condolences. Thank you so much.
Furthermore, each individual surface has been selected for both functional as well as textural and tonal value. Stainless steel for its hardwearing hygienic surface is the perfect material for a home chef that enjoys entertaining; Staron’s durability and stain resistance properties as well as its ability to be resurfaced makes a smart choice for an ‘everyday’ kitchen centre piece; and the undulated surface of the cantilevered bench top and it’s form within the kitchen space contrasts with the smooth surface of the Staron and stainless steel and ensures the casual dining area is defined. Even accessories such as the solid timber stools with their organic shaped seats reflect the minimalistic style encapsulated in this Japanese inspired kitchen.
Britain was one of the global leaders in going green with huge investments in alternative energy subsidies driving up energy costs. As the climate turned colder many of the UK’s elder citizens on pensions had to decide, heat or eat. Now we learn, that Britain’s economy is on the cusp of a financial crisis.
to suck it clean away
After spending much of last week reading law blogs for the UK Blawg Review I am writing (Sorry it is late – but I have been rather ill of late) I was fascinated by the extraordinary “NightJack” outing in the Times dissected with precision by lawyer, blogger and journalist David Allen Green – a remarkable piece of writing.
I am having difficulty with hands which are not my forte and we'll see about the flowers. I'm using a printed photo to work from and it's not really good quality. i wish I had some high resolution photos of Frida. If you know where I can find some then please let me know :)
Each editor has a unique perspective on how Canada’s literature of the macabre has developed. Kilpatrick, originally from the United States, began writing in the genre after moving to Canada in 1970.
This is a beer filled with complex flavors that is a beauty to look at and to drink. Overall I loved this beer and would highly recommend it . I would say that it wouldn’t pair well with food but is a fantastic stand alone drink. After doing a little research I found that this beer is semi-gluten free because it is brewed with rice in a sake format. A fantastic summer beer that makes me question why sake and beer aren’t combined more often.
Sayre Greenfield’s paper demonstrated the kind of discoveries that this rethinking of relevant information can yield. Noting that assessing negative findings requires caution, Greenfield explored the ways in which a lack of search results—negative evidence—can translate into meaningful information and concluded that “absences are most useful when measured against positive results found elsewhere, in different genres or different periods.” In offering examples of the different hits obtained from performing the same search in ECCO and Burney, he drew attention to the importance of knowing the scope of a given database and the value of working across databases.
Sounds great- right? But how do you get all your employees to feel this way? You have to build a Culture that engages employees to be excited about their jobs, work together as a team to achieve results, and positively hold each other accountable.
What's in it for you? Why another freebie of course! Deal?
John Nicholson
Protons and neutrons make up an atom, right? Is the nucleus the centre? What about a molecule..is that made up of atoms? The capital of Bolivia is...? Wait...or is Bolivia the capital of another country? I think it's in South America. But look Yugoslav parents, I do NOT believe that eating ice cream in the winter will cause a sore throat. So there.
how about you? is there a connection between your wardrobe, and your decor? come out of the closet and let us know!
So maybe I just gave a movie star the finger. If that was you, Benicio, know this - if I had realized who you were, I probably would still have flipped you off, but afterward I would have at least rolled down my window to tell you how brilliant you were in 21 Grams.
It may be hard to imagine this if you weren't a kid at the time, but just look at that picture. I mean, there she IS -- it was as though someone had literally brought to life the iconic image of the character straight from the pages of her comic books. Plus there was that funky disco "Wonder Woman" theme song. What's not to love? Besides which, if you needed further evidence of the character's mythic status, let me simply point out that in our culture, even in the vapid Seventies, television is the ultimate cultural currency.
Marti: "I'm going to the computer."
For making it clean again!
The twig man didn’t answer her questions, asking his own instead. “Ahh, so, you admit this, yes?”
The choice of artwork has great range and depth - from the grand but familiar Applicants for Admission to a casual ward, by Luke Fildes to the weird garish colours and distorted faces of Arthur Boyd Houghton's Itinerant Singers (try zooming on the image below, for a scare), as well as some rare London scenes relating to Dickens's life and work ...
"We held comment on the new rules for a reason," says NYCCGC President Karen Washington. "The far-reaching impact of these rules is not something to be taken lightly, and needs to be analyzed thoroughly. While we appreciate that steps in the right direction have been made, there are still some serious concerns that need to be addressed before we claim total victory for the City's community gardeners."
Now relax… and put the Brussels sprouts down approximately seventeen and fourteen sixty-sevenths of an inch to the left of the ice-cream salesman.
The tornado leveled a residential area of the city (population: 50,000) estimated to be as large as 20 blocks. Many people are believed to be trapped inside destroyed/damaged buildings.
Here is a larger clue: “The upcoming United Nations environmental conference on sustainable development will consider a breathtaking array of carbon taxes, transfers of trillions of dollars from wealthy countries to poor ones, and new spending programs to guarantee that populations around the world are protected from the effects of the very programs the world organization wants to implement,” reads a Fox News story about the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20) coming up in June 2012. “The main goal [snip] is to make dramatic and enormously expensive changes in the way that the world does nearly everything — or, as one of the documents puts it, ‘a fundamental shift in the way we think and act.’"
— No satin dresses. No one looks good in satin dresses unless it’s from Betsey Johnson or Dolce & Gabbana, you weigh less than 130 pounds, have three pairs of Spanx on and it’s New Years Eve.
Different games can have different goals. A few of the possible goals include:
In the meantime, I wish you all a wonderful end-of-2009 and many great things in 2010.
Alpha Protocol is one of those rare games that after I finished I found myself thinking on in the days afterwards. Pondering my choices and the fact that on more than one occasion my actions led to the death of a character. That to me is the sign of a great game experience – regardless of whether the controls are off or that the enemy AI isn’t that great. In giving the game a rating I can’t forget those problems but I can most certainly forgive them.
14. Flowers - Armand van Helden / 9:39
It's weird, being in the middle of a run of a play. I guess cos it's quite unfamiliar to me, doesn't happen too often.. many of my co actors do this all the time so it's just like.. going to the theatre and putting on a show, I suppose...
I had a little talk with her, as Luther looked on from his basket, purring. I put on my very serious voice. “Luther is very ill, sweetheart, and Daddy is taking him to the vet’s in a minute. He’s going to have some special medicine that will make him go to sleep forever so he doesn’t hurt any more.”
My archive picture dates back to 1914 and comes from the Flickr Commons collection of the National Library of Ireland. It is entitled "Fianna Éireann scouts carrying out signal training with flags". If you are not familiar with the language of semaphore, allow me to translate for you. It says "Get your Sepia Saturday 117 Posts up on or around Saturday 17th March 2012". Dib dib dib!
Paper: Whisper White, Early Espresso, Poppy Parade, MME- "Just Dreamy 2"
The two killers were Najib’s former bodyguards, bolstering the case for suspicion against the PM and his wife Rosmah Mansor. The first couple have denied involvement in the murder, while Baginda was controversially acquitted of abetting the two cops into shooting the allegedly pregnant Altantuya and then bombing her body with C4 military-grade explosives to prevent identification..
Get a taste of something too bitter to swallow,
remember, there is blood in a sister's shoe.
Well, we’re a week down and I’m still going strong! Day 8 is “sun”. Today was a strange day in which it was stifling hot… and then went into intense monsoon weather. This photo was taken from my car window as I got back to work, driving over flooded roads. Not fun.
If you are a flag waving American patriot who loves the concept of “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness”, TEOTWAWKI already happened, just look around you and ask yourself: If this is a free country, why must I get government permits for everything and why does the Constitution not apply anymore? Answer: This is not the United States of America any more, just ask Defense Secretary Leon Panetta who he gets permission from to go to war, it isn’t congress anymore. Or maybe ask Ben Bernanke, chairman of the Federal Reserve, how he can refuse to answer questions during congressional hearings about who he gave trillions of dollars to.
“Oh, I don’t really want anything.” Yeah, right.
Australian Jason Day, joint runner-up last year, withdrew from the event with an ankle injury after seven holes of his second round.
A word of caution about water beads. If you read the label it says to keep out of the reach of young children. It also says things like it will plug up plumbing. You will have to think what that means for you. For me it meant knowing the children in my classroom and knowing when to supervise more closely. The week I had them out, I did not have any children try to put them in their mouths. I did have to ask them not squish them; that was the great temptation. Oh, and it also meant I could not pour any down the drain.
Level 3: MP Cost: 33, 32% chance to cancel the enemy’s buffs, Time between skills: 8 seconds.
Throwing reflections that rise and fall
I thought long and hard about whether or not to write about what still makes me think and question and wonder in my faith. I didn’t want to leave the impression that my faith journey has been the easiest journey of my life, though it has certainly been one of the most thought-provoking and fulfilling. I’ve decided not to because being Bahá’í means being open to the independent search for truth, and supporting others on their own journeys toward truth. It’s not for me to point out the struggles – it’s up to each person to learn about the faith on their own terms.
What lies inside a contemporary Formula One engine? Toyota have given Race Engine Technology full access to their current RXV-08 F1 engine. This issue contains the most detailed technical article ever published on a current F1 engine. A 16 page article covering all aspects of the Toyota Formula One engine in a level of detail you will have never experienced before. RET have been given unprecedented access to the engine with the full co-operation of the entire technical team.
Whisper it, but there’s a tendency in Scotland to favour progressive taxation while the UK seems set on moving towards flat taxes, having only come towards progressive tax as a necessity; and a willingness in Scotland to use the business tax system to encourage smaller businesses to thrive rather than simply create conditions for yet more massive profits for those already making fortunes.
(and dog hair)
I hit the scrip (?) with the money on my mind/
My love to everyone. I'm thinking should I post a photo of my nipple? Probably not. I'd have to make put that disclaimer on my blog, and that's just way too much work right now.
When I was ready to decorate the cake, I opened the fridge, and gasped when I saw that the pastry cream was oozing and dripping down the sides of the cake. Not pretty. I guess I didn't let it set enough. But I tried not to freak out, and just used a spatula to scrape off the excess pastry cream and dump it in the sink. What a waste. At least there was still a thin layer of pastry cream in between the two cakes!
Among the exclusive inventory at Panini Authentic right now are autographed jerseys worn by the Dallas Mavericks on Dec. 25, 2011 — when the team raised its 2011 NBA Championship banner.
On that day, the Messenger of Death, of whom she had only heard, comes and shows its face.
After you get the beans and the pulp in the jar...cover the beans in vodka. I would suggest getting a decent brand according to the recipe I found.
Done! It’s that simple. Once you’ve claimed your freebie, feel free to look around. You will still have your $10 credit and free shipping either way, as the freebie does not count as your first purchase. Use them today; use them in a few days… Doesn’t matter – it’s up to you.
Yesterday afternoon, my husband had somewhere to go. He said he was thinking about going by the funeral home (for his cousin) on his way home.
Two Icelandic MPs have proposed their government should offer Chinese Nobel Laureate Liu Xiaobo political asylum in the country. http://bit.ly/uPzmUU
The seasons come, the seasons go
Footnote: I will be away from May 1st through May 8th. Leave a comment if you wish to, just remember it'll have to wait till then to be published if left between those dates. I do covet your comments.
So then she gets woken up by a call from the goth chick, whose name is Teresa, and who wants to come over and talk now. Joey tells Teresa her entire backstory about how her dad died in the war, or something, because I guess telling random strangers intimate details about her past seems like the logical thing to do. The weird thing about this scene is that even though Teresa wanted to come over and talk about the stuff Joey wanted to know about, she still gets mad and starts screaming about how she doesn’t want to talk about that stuff. So why did she come over at all then? Because she’s a terribly written character.
mismanagement of our defence
It's a big world out there, we all have lots of people to teach and help. I love teaching quilting and I hope to help create a world that's open and giving to information, ideas, and techniques.
Woodn’t that be lovely!?
I belong to the stark white walls of an empty room,
20.) “Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.”
Employees would be better off with reform because it reduces stress, increases job satisfaction, allows workers to transition between jobs better and improves employee-employer relationships. As employees would not be tied to a job because of the benefits, they are less likely to stay on at a job they dislike. On average, this should translate to higher job satisfaction. Furthermore, job mobility would be improved as employees do not have to worry about gaps in insurance coverage or the costs and hassles involved with switching providers. Making moves easier is especially important these days as people are changing jobs much more often than they did before. Reform means that when employees lose their jobs, they don’t also have the stress associated with losing health coverage for themselves and their family. Employee-employer relationships would improve significantly if the most contentious issues were removed from the relationship. What more, this would hold true weather employee-employer relationships were handled individually or thru unions.
You kneel down to admire what is placed before you and place your finger just millimetres above my clit, hovering above it, so close I can feel the heat of your finger. You use your fingers to spread my lips apart and blow hard along the ridge of my clit. I squirm, you can see the moisture collecting in my folds, but I stay silent. It’s my silence that makes you want to spank my arse, but you think this will give me pleasure so you resist. You rub your hard cock between the folds of my pussy, pressing against me, teasing me. You look down to see it covered in my sweet juices. You can hear me groan, knowing I am so turned on by you. I have gone to that place in my mind where I have surrendered to you completely.
The question remains as to what will become of Kemp after he turns 27, and beyond.
Does it really mean that a person has reached a level of proficiency? Does it mean that person really knows what they are doing or that their knowledge is enough to be employable, and that they have a strong work ethic?
Until my trip, I had never tasted such a delicious macaron. They are light and crisp and at the same time chewy on the outside with a smooth, creamy (not sticky) filling on the inside. The filling was always the perfect amount too—spread thickly enough to touch the edges of both cookies but not too thick to squirt out when I bit in. The flavors (pistacio, rose, lemon, salted caramel, mango, passion fruit) and colors were scrumptious and creative.
shaping my face with thoughts
I have to say Ashley is a bit of a nut and she was in true form at her birthday party. I really wanted a picture of her in her Chuck E birthday crown but she would NOT let me take it. She would turn her head and bury her face in the seat and run away, all to avoid having her picture taken. She even covered her face with it once, but then in just the right moment, I got THIS picture!
So I have a crazy goal--maybe I told you?-- to make 100 cards this month. My scrap room is seriously overflowing with paper, embellies and more. It's time to put them to use! So here's a couple more that I made this week:
People in smokefilled areas should wear masks to cover their mouth and nose, Paijit said. “If you experience eye irritation or tightness in the chest, please seek medical help.”
To run numbers, it's essential that we take into consideration the geographic realm of the business.
Also, while finding my link, I realized there’s no info for the story on the B&N store. Welp!
Especially when so many
Setlist from setlist.fm
Trying to get over the loss of the previous tank...we move onto the Urubamba Tank that looks surprisingly a lot like the Visual Language Tank! I tried this on in both an X-Small and a Small and the X-Small was the one I settled on. The Small was a bit longer which I liked, but the arm holes dipped so low that it was almost humorous. The X-Small fit well all throughout the tank, but I wish it had been just an inch longer. It's certainly not a deal breaker, just personal preference. I loved the pretty colors and the neckline detailing...it really gives it a little something extra special. This top is wish listed for sale...high on my wish list!
“Age of Opportunity” by Paul David Tripp explores parenting teens. With a 13-year-old, an 11-year-old, and a 9-year-old, this one seemed like a good idea to pick up.
photo credit:Enviromom
I hope to get back to crafty stuff and decorating next week, but for now, I'm enjoying having all my kids home and four of their friends here.
My favorite site that we visited was the Saadian Tombs, which date to the late 16th to 18th centuries. They were absolutely gorgeous (see pictures). According to my Eyewitness Travel Guidebook, these tombs “constitute some of the finest examples of Islamic architecture in Morocco.”
Her family lives in Dothan Alabama, and that's why she's here-It's hard to live in New York with no job and no money, so she moved back to her home town to get her feet back on the ground. Her family is rather peculiar, being of Irish descent and a prior military family. Her father settled in the local area after his military career where he completed a second career as a local police officer and detective. Her mother has worked on and off over the years whenever need but mostly just spends her time supporting the local Catholic Church and perfecting her superpower.
Please address and submit documents to:
leftovers on a crazy night.
The best brands of Irish stouts for home trade used to be about 1074 sp. gr., and the draught porters nearly 1060. These porters would correspond to the common ales of 1035 to 1045 sp. gr. of this country as being the beverage of the masses. The question suggests itself as to whether or not it was really too heavy for the climate. There is an exotic mildness in the climate of Ireland that beyond all cavil or doubt saps energy. Only those who have lived in the country for years know it. The climate is also extremely moist — some substance in the beverages seems desirable in a wet country. It is a knotty problem altogether, even for those who lived in the land. Let us leave it.
A couple of years ago, Frank and the girls and I loaded ourselves into a small sailboat and crossed the Gulf of Mexico. During hurricane season. My mother probably thought we had lost our ever-lovin’ minds. And, considering it was the year of Katrina, Rita, and Wilma, she just might have been right.
Did I enjoy this series? The answer is: Yes. I am entertained by anything where actors and actresses dress in period costumes. However, I found myself skimming through this movie. A lot. This movie was comprised of sex scenes, one after the next. So there was little to no character/relationship development. I felt no sympathy towards the characters—except Mr. H. The storyline was unengaging. It all comes down to this: Fanny Hill is a trashy romance.
That is why the Lord says, “Turn to me now, while there is time. Give me your hearts.
This beer is astonishingly delicious, and - in complete contrast to all the swagger and posturing of the branding - it is also exquisitely delicate, elegant and refined. It actually tastes 'friendly'. I could almost feel the beer apologising for the unruly behaviour of it's own label.
And at its feet crushed cans of beer
Richard and Ronay Menschel
April 11 TBA, Boston MA
PS. Enjoy this clip about geocaching from the movie Splinterheads.
Gabriella is a talking machine now. She repeats everything we say and we really need to start watching our mouths. She runs around like a madwoman, loves to sing and dance (she can plie, and when we tell her to be a ballerina she puts her arms over her head and twirls), and is working on a couple incisors (I believe that's what they're called - the fang teeth?). She is such a joy and we adore her so so much.
Summer flits by so very fast, and before you know it, TECHknitting blog will be posting new material! For fall 2012, I've planned:
I remember in college I did Weight Watchers. I think at that point I was in the 180s. I always told myself that I would never let my weight get about 200. Well somewhere along the way I stopped paying attention, or stopped caring and by the time I got to AmeriCorps I was at 206. That was a huge shock for me! I’m pretty sure I burst into tears at the doctor’s office.
‘Maybe we could work it out.’
The article was written by Newcastle University researchers Melissa Bateson and Jeri Wright based on their bee study. It appeared in the June issue of Current Biology. To read more on this fascinating topic, GO HERE.
“I was down in South Carolina when I saw this small town newspaper filled with local mugshots. I decided to replicate the mugshots in zombie form; I called it One Hundred and One Undead Heads. Most of them weren’t too far off.”
Overlook a space of flowers,
What to Say to an Alligator
"Woof woof! Woof woof!" Monsieur DuPree was confused and his eyes begged, What's going on?
What sound describes you?
I say "revised" because I'd almost finished the first sock in just the greenish stuff when I realised I had enough wool for about 10% of the second sock. Cue ripping and striping. The notebook is because I am not good at 'the unknown' and so to stave off anxiety in Amsterdam have been carefully planning my trip. I remain flexible but at the same time I know exactly how to get from the station to my hotel and where I want to visit in each part of the city.
Made the same year as Wellman’s great Beau Geste, this lesser-known drama, sadly not on DVD as yet, is another wildly noble and compelling period melodrama adapted from a novel by an imperialist author, Kipling. There was clearly a demand for such films in 1939, in the early days of the Second World War. Once again, the story ranges between England and wars in deserts, in this case the Sudan. However, in this film much of the drama takes place within the four walls of an 1880s London flat, framed by battle sequences at the start and end.
No news is.....impossible.
So I have been out on a sopping spree and upgraded to an all-singing Bobcat oxycon setup. The torch itself is a kind of metallic magenta-purple and silver. And it is sooooooooooooo pretty. And it's silent. Oh how noisy was my HH by comparison? Words cannot describe the weird peace in which I can now melt glass! No longer do i have to sit deafened by the roar (the HH is so noisy as it sucks oxygen from the air around it through tiny holes around its nozzle). So today I have hooked it all up and turned it on. Not only is it quiet but it is a veritable flamethrower when you first light it - you certainly have to be far more delicate in your operation of the knobs than on the HH, and even the Minor. And obviously once it was lit I just had to have a go at some beads. I found it to be at least twice as fast as my HH in melting glass (I only just managed to prevent glass glooping straight off the rod or mandrel on more than one occassion) and just really nice and easy to use. I tested the speed of it on a large heart shaped bead, probably about 1" accross, and it took no more than 10 minutes to load the mandrel with enough glass to fill the mold and in that time I also managed to decorate it.
any chance I get to make something related to it, I am there baby!
“Is anyone down there alive?” shouted Hermel heaving a bucket of water as it was passed to him.
Ethan Wingfield (REP) 16.65% 721
Parent, unschool thyself first. Treating yourself with unconditional respect and love is freeing for you, and contagious and inspirational for others.
Instant payday Loans genuinely only add up if you’re ever for unexpected expenses. It is not recommended to look at an easy mortgage loan In order to wager at an online casino. With financial products so effortlessly and readily offered you will be inclined to use over you could repay. In truth if you want a Income right up until payday loan, it is usually a good idea to consider why it had become important. What about a very little financial organizing in your favor are working order.
"Ok.
Cameron is doing well in his job. He much rather be deployed doing 'manly' stuff but, I'm glad he hasn't left me to be a hero just yet. I need him home, he keeps me busy... especially since we don't have kids. Which reminds me of American vs. German hospitals...
Coarsely chop peppers with seeds and place in blender with vinegar, sugar and pulse to mix well. Transfer to pot, add butter and bring to a rolling boil for 1 minute. Cook for 5 minutes at a steady boil. Quickly add Certo and coloring. Allow mixture to return to a boil and cook for 3 more minutes stirring a few times. Remove from heat and skim off any foam. Put into half pint jars and seal in water bath for 10 minutes. This should make about 7 jars with a little left over.
And a reminder: Three days later we’ll be meeting up in person at the Garland County Library for the Mario Kart 7 tournament beginning at noon. Feel free to bring your favorite multiplayer games to share with folks who will be eliminated early (like me!).
I believe this is an experience that every single study abroad student has on the first Friday that they spend in Morocco:
lineup:
Theme: Kubrick. Blog at WordPress.com.
what you had to do, and began,
''Deveney's Lughnasa Beer Festival 2011'' but due to high winds; Tornadoes and Hurricane Irene; the stock was a little late. How and never; it's here; refrigerated and ready to be tasted... The Thursday Beer tastings resume; after a long pre-festival break.
I haven't even gotten started on how good my experience of my first year on Twitter has been (another massive debt I owe to NaNo), but this post is starting to get a bit long, so I'll wrap it up now.
The same applies for famous personages, if we have to Google them you get a deduction, so we are looking for serious celebrity/notoriety. Fly fishers are good but an easier get _ aim for the stars. We will run all the worthy pics on the blog
Standing there, I was overcome with a guilty feeling. I had no need for anything to eat at that moment. I wasn’t really hungry. Sure, I had a little rumbly, but that was and is nothing like what some people feel each night before they toddle off to bed. I had eaten well all day: three meals and two snacks. I’m pretty sure I consumed about 1500 calories, had ample hydration, and plenty other than water to drink as well. What was this weird sensation trying to tell me?
Despite being a bit shy initially, I am quite a sociable person. I like people and I like to have a good chat. I am fairly open and honest and, not very good at lying. I have to admit that I'm also not particularly good at small talk. I like a proper conversation. One where you really connect with someone. Of course I now know that, once you have a child, you only ever really get to participate in small talk mostly because you are interrupted every 30 seconds! This remains a bit of a challenge for me but I'm getting there.
The old golfer leans closer and says softly into her left ear, “Well, wash your hands real good because I want a cheeseburger.”
The house has had to be tethered to the ground after all that clearing out. It feels so light and spacious and breathable that it thinks itself weightless. Then, like everyone who loses weight, it felt like sprucing itself up and showing off with some new clothes and the combined effect is that there is enough space in my house to create enough space in my head to get on with work. Spending money might actually help me to earn a wage.
Breakfast: Pancakes and bacon
Much as I love Hound (and I do in pretty much any version including Rathbone and Brett), in a line-up that includes Scandal and Reichenbach, it should not be the strongest.
A friend of mine posted a thought provoking picture on Facebook which got me thinking about how far one can go expressing one’s views before the PC Police step in and tell you that the line has been crossed.
The mother implies, “These screwy, mixed-up, quack-o therapists my daughter sees…….(eyes rolling)”
Today has not been very creatively inspirational, so I will leave with you these few thoughts and release you to continue your day’s journey.
Is that border magical?
1 shouldered
We all know about the cultural heritage , the history and the geography of the city. We know of its rich cuisine ranging from the sumptuous stuff from the walled city to the swanky restaurants and food joints of pompous South Delhi.
"Are you searching for unusual, offbeat, unique or peculiar gifts to give for the holidays?
The response – powerful, dynamic and insatiable – said much about Madrid’s run-in and about their season. As Barcelona’s pursuit gathered pace, much was made of the fact that Madrid had to travel to the Reyno de Navarra, the Calderón, the Camp Nou and San Mamés, home to Osasuna, Atlético, Barcelona and Athletic respectively and theoretically the toughest arenas in Spain. Madrid won all four, scoring 14 times. As if to reinforce the point, they had also won in Seville and Valencia, scoring nine.
Eva Ibbotson’s second-to-the-last novel is as magnificent as any in her vast repertoire. When three individuals with special abilities (and an ordinary boy who insists on accompanying them) receive the task to rescue a princess from an ogre, they reluctantly set out for the distant castle. Upon their arrival, the group discovers that things are definitely not as they have been led to believe. With characteristic Ibbotson humor and charm, this story is a tribute to a master. Nothing more need be said. Perfect for ages 10-12
04. Dazed And Confused
Sources close to the DOP&T informed that the issue of granting one increment to the government servants, whose increment date falls between February 2006 and June 2006, has been forwarded to Finance Ministry for its approval. According to the sources, the Finance Ministry gave its approval to this proposal as agreed by the Government in the National Anomaly Committee.
Lord Slynn attacked the traditional family: “family need not mean either marriage or blood relationship."
I just had this overwhelming urge to write AU “Unending” fic where Jack got stuck with them in the time dilation. No idea why. It just kind of jumped into my head. Damn those plot bunnies. I’ve got too many of them in there, I don’t need more.
In a face-to-face interaction we can support our verbal message with our body language, for example, the former President Bill Clinton was known as a very capable public speaker. Much of what he said in his speeches was communicated with hand gestures. Gestures are a very powerful way to amplify one’s intentions in public speaking. They also serve as a channel to bring the audience into the speech (which Clinton excelled in). This is also one of the reasons why Clinton’s supporters or even non supporters believed what he said at the time. His gestures aided his overall credibility.
Last week after Romney won all the primaries of the day, he gave a little “rah rah” speech in where he asked the same basic question Ronald Regan asked more than a decade ago,
The T-Shirts come in Adult, Ladie's fit, and Youth sizes.
- Keep close to family and friends. Restore your daily routine. Do the external things necessary to fit into the rhythm of everyday life.
Mei-chan no Shitsuji
Not to panic
Okay,,,and Finally? I used the "Random Number Generator" and drew up #5 which is my friend LISA Davies or Sequim Washington! (Email me Lisa and let me know if I have your Current addy!)
“Windows gives me the family, nature never could.”
As their dangerous search for the Magister and the truth leads the friends into peril, Tessa learns that when love and lies are mixed, they can corrupt even the purest heart. (goodreads.com)
Enabling your email so that others can respond to your comments via email:
812113 Nail salons
2) Glitter Glue (And LOTS of it!)
You’ll experience the pulse-pounding thrills of Universal’s Islands of Adventure. Take a starring role in some of the biggest movies and TV shows ever created at Universal Studios.
Painted canvas the night before and positioned stickers the next morning when dry. Store 3 flowers from another project that will be up later this week and hot glued them to the corner of the canvas. Here is a close up of the upcoming project:
There are many possible routes through Kingston and each will reveal different points of interest. In the past we have tended to stay close by the Thames but today went on a big circular walk of discovery. (I don’t know the name of the artist who made the above work. There may be a an information plate but I didn’t feel like braving the traffic when there might not have been anything there.)
C. Nillitee
The latest development made People wonder if the fire of love is still burning.
For this tutorial I'm making a very simple rope using size 11 seed beads with 3 outer beads over 4 core beads.
Is it any wonder
From the spiritual level, we are already in union with every being on this earth. When we choose one particular love partner, it is because we hope to supplement and support each other in our physical, mental, emotional, material and spiritual needs. Although the other cannot give us what we do not have, he or she can work together with us toward finding mutual self-fulfillment.
The tone of Malet’s score for Imago certainly changes from the first to the second-half of the album. And if the tracks as heard on the album reflect their appearance in the film then there’s clearly an erosion of Antoine’s innocence as the film progresses, leading to a sadness as he reflects on his life. Getting those feelings from the music does suggest that the composer has done his job of emotionally supporting the images and it would be interesting to see how the music plays in this short film. Although the frequent use of the marimba does get slightly annoying, the score is so short – 14 minutes in length – that nothing hangs around for too long. Thierry Malet’s music for his short films and TV work seems to appear frequently and regularly on digital medium online stores such as iTunes and Amazon and I have found his work to be worth seeking out. Perhaps this short score may be the ideal entry point for Thierry Malet’s scores.
It is possible that the relative youth of Silver Spring Patch (it has been active for only three months) is contributing to the dearth of user-supplied material. Hopefully as time goes by the residents of Silver Spring will see Patch as a useful part of their community and become more engaged.
Fryburg Ohio
Chaplin's critique of Industrialization
Subtle changes have really made the space look different, huh? I am all about the subtle (and inexpensive) changes and working with what we have (until it drives me bonkers). Below are a couple shots from 2010 when my photography was bad, and the room was plainer and colder looking:
Cube 2-3 chicken breasts (If the chicken is partially frozen, it's actually better. Two reasons: it's easier to cut and I think it makes more gravy!) After your chicken, add 1 can Cream of Chicken or cream of celery or mushroom if you like). Add 2/3 cup of milk. In a separate bowl, put stuffing mix and water(follow the box directions for amount of water, I think it's like a cup and a half?), mix to moisten the stuffing. Spoon stuffing mix over top the soup/milk. Cook on low for 4-5 hours. That's it!
Is “emotional manipulation” really a crime as a writer? Or is it the failure to manipulate that instigates disdain?
There are a surprising number of fields like this, some of grass for hay, some of young canola. E@L wonders why these areas are not planted with grape vines. But of course there are many acres that are ranked and filed with armies of vines, limbs outstretched as if they were lining up on parade.
So on Wednesday I was host to 7 kids after school. Marko invited all 3 of his current friends over, and together they formed a little international football league – one Canadian, one Brit, one Dutch, and one Portugese. That football sure is a bond for the boys.
Heat oil in a small pan and add the mustered seeds and let it pop. Now add the red chillies and finally add the curry leaves. Now pour the tempering into the chutney and mix well. If u want a runny chutney add little water and make it runny. (Do check for salt if adding water).
However, there is method to the madness. Feet sweat and shoe leather absorbs the moisture. So the longevity of shoe leather is extended if shoes are allowed at least 24 hours to dry out fully before the next wearing. So men ideally need at least two pairs of shoes for work to allow for alternation. The up side of this is that your shoes will last much longer
Here’s a before shot of the brass knobs on my son’s bathroom doors:
Alan didn’t immediately look at it and gasp and say “Oh no he di’nt”, because in this case, the word “chink” has multiple meanings, and there’s literally only one context it would have been considered offensive. If you’re not geared to look for the epithet there, it’s very possible it just doesn’t register.
I already have a tattoo on my foot of a vine w/ two roses (one bud and one bloomed), and a little blue butterfly hoovering over one of the roses... I'll maybe get to attaching a picture later ;)
Listen to the first demo recordings of "Lucky Lucky Me" and finally to the master! Do you hear "Butch" Evans wild piano pounding?
To the Editor:
The show was supposed to run for a 13 episode season, but was soon cut down to 10. It seems the script was not adjusted for that and just abruptly stopped. The 10th episode did not even air on TV, but was a web-only, streaming episode available on the NBC website.
Best moment of the week: Nothing really stands out. I have to say that the whole banana-toe incident overshadows any good moments this past week.
Jesus is the answer to every problem we have.
Does this sound familiar?
Finally I have an apartment. I just dropped off my things this morning. I am going to be living in Almeria, I think that will work best.
KG Do you feel that it’s hard being a female in this industry?
I've been blessed to become a part of team Still Moments Publishing. They're an e-publisher and so far they've helped me perfect three beautiful short stories.
I play sorcerers a lot. In fact, I'd guess that roughly half the characters I've played, including my current character, have been sorcerers. One constant that applies to all the sorcerers I've built is that they have all been underpowered. The sorcerer class offers more options for character design than just about any other class and most of those options are bad from the perspective of optimization. Why? Because most of the bloodline powers encourage you to create a character that resembles a spellcasting rogue or melee fighter. Let me tell you, if you want to be a fighter in Pathfinder, be a fighter (or a paladin, maybe). Anything else is the very definition of suck in this game. Sure, it sounds cool to create a character who can launch a fireball, then charge in and lay a beatdown. Unfortunately, Pathfinder doesn't reward versatility. While the sorcerer is buffing himself, the fighter and the wizard have already killed every living thing within a half mile radius. High-level Pathfinder combat is a lot like the last two minutes of a football game. It seems to take forever, but in game time, it's only a couple of rounds at most. So to be effective, a character has to be able to contribute something substantial immediately and most sorcerer builds can't do that.
to acknowledge the state of my soul
If I have harmed you in the past, I apologize. I will endeavor to keep myself from causing harm in the future, but I cannot guarantee perfect success. I will endeavor to live up to my potential, to work at becoming more than I am today. I will strive.
Furthermore, we are characters in a story of our own creation. Even though we assume John is alone, we guarantee that he isn’t. Even in deep space, Smith postulates, there is an aspect of the human psyche that does not allow freedom. We always live like we are watched. The proof of this is John in Hole, 2004, a particularly engaging sculpture of John busy at work in a crater. The height of the pedestal and the small enclosure make us work to find out what John is doing. In the end, we find him masturbating, making the ultimate narcissistic gesture in the loneliness.
I have no affiliation with the Formula 1 team in the photo.
There we are. I have a plan. I feel strong. I have my mojo back. It's just as well.
I did quite a bit of dancing in the car on the drive too. Made a few dance videos for some friends and entertained numerous drivers with my mad skills.
For 50% of comparisons, gay and lesbian partners did not differ from heterosexual partners. Seventy-eight percent of comparisons on which differences were found indicated that gay or lesbian partners functioned better than heterosexual partners did. Because the variables that predicted concurrent relationship quality and relationship stability for heterosexual parents also did so for gay and lesbian partners, I conclude that the processes that regulate relationships functioning generalize across gay, lesbian, and heterosexual couples” (Kurdek).
Sad to say, but this little bit I am doing is beating me up. Oh, I'll drag through it. I'll... I'll do it. I will even do more than scheduled, I am seeing that already. But too, I will do less than what could, probably should, really be done. Oh, shut up you! Another siren call, leading me to the cliff's edge, don't you know? I am hoping, if the floor in the bathroom is still good, to have the water heater replaced, the carpets steam-cleaned, and my bedroom, living room, and on-suite bathroom back into production by Saturday, depending on how fast the carpets dry from the cleaner. Which will really happen first is still up in the air, depending several factors.
2010- After 10 months straight on the upside the market suffers a 9% correction from January into February. It then rebounds strongly and puts in a major high in April. This is very similar to the run from March 2003- March 2004 in terms of time. Market then bottoms 2 months later. Market narrowly missed confirming new cyclical bear market. It wasn’t until 4 months later (late-August/early-September) that an uptrend was confirmed. The high from April wasn’t seen again until November. Cyclical bull continues into 2011.
"How you feeling Moon honey?"
from Sapele also arrested
So now that you're comfy, I may as well introduce myself. My name is Bryce, this is my lovely wife Kristy, and we are aspiring writers.
It’s a simple-illustrated header with a very clean white background which is in contrast with most of my previous headers which are in darker tone and backdrop to correspond with my blog’s black theme. So, this new header in white captures much more attention, and I would like to highlight the fun of blogging to my blog’s readers through the use of playful font of words and arrangements in the design. Those words scrambled all over in one piece on the right side of the header are all associated to ‘blogging’ that reminds people that ‘blogging’ is more than what it is actually. That whole header kind off represents my mind, full of stuff, which is a bit kinda messed up. But then, there is one huge portion of white empty space in that header that represents part of my mind, of what I see, of what I hear, of what I smell, of what I touch, of what I taste, and in overall, of what I experience, that is being brought out (cleared out) of that header and presented through my posts below. This kind of symbolism sounds great, right? Haha…
Capitalize on every opportunity to glorify God.
Specifically…
It seemed like devoting my life to the little fuckers was so incredibly unselfish and madonna-like.
She had to reach all the way to the back of the bag,...inside the loaf,.. to get the other end piece.
She probably won't do the same thing for you though,
This time I will show you how to make a star or a poinsettia. I saw this great idea in the Split Coast Stampers website. The designer made it with punches. I don't have those punches but I have a Cricut! So I used the Cricut Craftroom and the Tags, Bags, Boxes & More Cricut Cartridge to make this project.
Here's a look at his magnificent house and garden at Musk Farm.
Unless a situation smelled of danger, I always went to the door. This passenger might be someone who needs my assistance, I reasoned to myself.
Devil Dancer Triple Ipa
Overall Impression (0-3): Smooth, quaffable beer. Nothing too overpowering. Would like a little more flavor up front, but it finishes so well, that I can forgive it. 3 points
So if you would like to win these lovely threads, just leave a comment on my blog. That is all there is to it. If you can't leave comments, then send me an email at jqd@comporium.net and I will enter you in the drawing. I will draw a name on Sunday, August 28.
“Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.” — Marcel Proust
I watched a video the other day, one that in one moment I wish I hadn’t watched and then in another I am glad I did. It was raw footage, purportedly from Libya , but I have no way of knowing, of bombs dropping near villages, bombs with huge fire and mushroom clouds hundreds of feet in the air, footage of screaming, terrified children in the streets, running in search of shelter or loving arms, footage of living children with their jaws blown off, shrapnel wounds the size of grapefruit in the back or limbs, dead children by the roadside, blown apart and I thought to myself, my dear God, what have we become?
Aaron Haffey received an honorable mention for his portrayal of Canada’s position on the Commission on Science and Technology committee on the issues of intellectual property rights and the role of science and technology in development.
The caster takes an ordinary nail and jams it into the surface the target's shadow is covering to complete the spell. The target rolls a save vs spells with failure causing the target to be limited to movements that remain within 15 feet of the location of the nail. The target creature is not hindered in any other way. For flying creatures it draws them down in a spiral until they are within 15 feet of the nail, but does not force them to land. This spell also works on the creature called a Shadow, but is dangerous because the caster will be affected as if hit by the creature.
Then the problem of an open rucksack pocket, inflicted upon me by an airport related zip breakage, was addressed through MacGyver-like use of safety pins from the complimentary sewing kit. And finally, still full of optimism for the trip ahead but with my excitement tempered by delirious jet lag, I went to bed.
In May 1958, 3 months before the racial battles of Notting Hill and 1922 Committee to consider the consequences of uncontrolled immigration, he broke down and wept. At the second reading of the Commonwealth Immigration bill (1961) he prophesied:
To all of my Word Press friends and followers, thank you so much for being a part of the blogging community. I feel like I learn something new every day, and I have fun doing it. You guys are awesome! If you’d like to help me out with some free marketing, please re-blog this post.
I HAVE managed to finish this GORGEOUS cubby or pigeon hole unit though & I just thought I'd take a moment to show you....I needed a large piece for the Extravaganza to display my smalls & I think this will do perfectly....!!
God has put us together in a special way that we may learn from each other, and for that I am grateful.
And because we know RESEARCH is the key to finding a CURE, and research costs money, we have two fundraising events to promote. First, a reminder that our sweet Emily, a cancer warrior herself, is training for The Ultimate Hike in support of CureSearch and childhood cancer research. Go HERE to donate and tell her to walk on with her bad self. We love you, Em!
Source: Jiddu Krishnamurti Fifth Talk in Bombay, 1965.
I asked myself why I am addicted to their stories. Schadenfreude I’m afraid. When I read I feel better about myself. Superior sometimes. I have craziness in my life and have even been inviting about my readers taking pleasure out of my misery. But I see my crazy problems dissipating. I see results in my own story. I want to bang the computer screen and shout, “Don’t you see the solution? It is right in front of you! Just do A, B, C…” But I lurk and allow the stories to continue in a linear fashion.
Lo and Behold, what I can do is teach him how to be respectful, compassionate, a few manly things ( predicated on how I think a man ought to act ), how to live for Jesus Christ, manners etc. and I can use my own experiences to do that!
Well, in fact that is the only Russian book that you should read. Honestly, the best of the best. I don’t know if there is more perfect book than that and more Russian at the same time.
The story is written in the first person (Which I'm not always a fan of) with Gwen, Rhys and other characters giving their viewpoint alternating with each chapter. Gwen and Rhys's parts are written brilliantly and writer James Goss really captures the relationship that works so well on screen. The supporting characters are also well written from scientist Eloise to gay couple Tom and Josh. There is even a cameo from Jack Harkness or 'Uncle Jack' as he is referred to. There are plenty of adult moments that set it apart from the Doctor Who books like the scene with one of the 'children' and a hot bath and a rapist policeman. Providing lighter moments are baby Anwen and a plenty of humour from Rhys.
When she arrived in this world in 1916, a postage stamp cost 2 cents, unemployment was 5.1%, and Woodrow Wilson was President of these United States. Coke had introduced its new drink formula to the public and a man named Albert Einstein had completed his mathematical formula of general relativity. She was born to a homemaker mother and a blacksmith father. A blacksmith who had his shop a modern day ten minute drive from my farm. She bears the middle name of Bird and has dipped powdered snuff since she was a child.
Things go horribly and appallingly wrong and it feels like the end of everything we hold dear,
Her: It feels like dancing.
Bad luck: Your iPod breaks.
But I am very excited to see what is next for me, and to get to spend more time with my awesome children. I'll be keeping Spencer at home with me and walking Cameron to and from school every day. I'll be able to spend time with friends during the day, take a class or two, build my photography business (maybe?), finish projects I've started, start new projects, and find what makes me happy.
Yes I'm movin'
a sea, a startlingly hot moist ingress that sparked
- Hazelnut dacquoise with scattered hazelnut on top
Happy Monday, everyone! Today, I thought it was time to look at some essential writing tools - or, actually, I should say PUBLICATION tools. Of course, all anyone needs in order to write is a pencil and a scrap of paper. That's how shopping lists are made. But if you want to write something good and get published, you need to make an effort to aquire all of the following items. I really, honestly think that they are essential, and I will now tell you why.
7. Kids are a different story and it really depends on how your iPads are deployed. Single user vs. cart makes a difference. But the best thing for learning is still to put as much app installation power in the hands of the end user as possible.
4) Post Views per Contributor - Nothing like stirring up a little competition among your employees, right? If there is a certain author who receives more views on average than other authors, dig in to learn why. Is it because he has a larger social media following to promote his blog post to? Is it because she wrote about a topic that garners more attention? Use this metric to generate some friendly rivalry that helps increase content quality.
Products used: Kasiercraft paint, paper, little girl card, Bo-Bunny paper, Scrap Sanity banns (loved using it) Manor flowers, Prima ink and flower.
No matter the wobbles, the power of fairytale, especially when bedecked in the perfect tulle skirt, has a sustaining power. And the dancing is as strong as ever. Besides, the killer dramatic and physical challenges will come soon enough, when Pacific Northwest Ballet debuts a historical reconstruction of “Giselle,” from Peter Boal and Doug Fullington, at the opera house in June.
4. A redesign has never been shown to increase newspaper revenue. Never!
Mayor Sly James and other City Council members have been patting themselves on the back recently for working out a new three-year pact with Kansas City’s powerful fire union. The council will approve it today.
While classmates were breaking out terribly during our high school years, my skin was as flawless as the face of a porcelain doll. That was then. Adult acne is now. I’ve been to several dermatologists, used different internal and external medications, tried the televised ProActiv Solutions, etc.
And in the death,
“What kind of woman greets the Beast Lord with ‘here, kitty, kitty’?”
Location: Makati
answer eleven questions
Jack has given up puttering in a garage, having friends who are available for a bike ride or a face to face chat. He's given up mountain biking, and spending time with his grandparents. For the most part, Jack has given up time away from his parents. That's pretty important for a teen searching for independence. There's not a lot of places to go to be truly away from your parents in a boat. Sure, you can take the dinghy to the beach, or go for a hike alone, but there's not a lot to do. We have gone months without even seeing another teenager. It can be a pretty lonely existence for a young teen.
N.E.O.
Marcus Landry F 6’7″ 230 Wisconsin
Vegetarian oyster sauce, 1 tablespoon (optional)
My favorite part of your blogs are the photos! I love the photos of Brooklyn, but what about the rest of the kids, are they camera shy?
According to Arab News, “The sheikh is of the view that hardline approach in the issue of ikhtilat (mixing in public places or in the presence of others in a dignified manner) is unjustified.” The forward thinker is also against marriages of underage little girls and agrees that female salesclerks should be manning women’s lingerie shops, not men – issues that have caused controversy and have cropped up in the news for many years.
(featured on The Martha Stewart show February 2008)
Using paddle attachment on your electric mixer, beat butter, orange and lemon zest on medium speed until soft. Add brown sugar and molasses, beat just until blended. Add egg and honey, mix just to combine.
Seeing that bright yellow bush starting to bloom was exciting.
It is an advertisement for a funeral home. Named, ever so cleverly, Jim’s Funeral Home.
Please check out IROBE written by myself and Melvin Johnson Jr.
Ocholi added that the situation
A recent study found that replacing harmful carbohydrates — found in processed foods like white rice, white bread, and so on — with foods such as nuts and fatty fish, decreases LDL (“bad cholesterol”) levels and increases those of HDL (“good cholesterol”). The researchers also found that eating foods rich in good fat:
Your eyes jerk down and you realize you are standing on a piece of wood- probably two inches thick. It covers the floor and that’s when you know that you are about two inches away from plunging to your death.
iPods & MP3 players
If fax is sent from outside the United States, dial first the International Area
Anyhow...if it doesn't appear later or if it does, Happy Easter and Happy Passover!
Microsoft New Zealand country manager Paul Muckleston told NBR that so far Windows Phone smartphones have been a hit with a niche audience. Nokia was still the largest mobile phone maker overall (see second table). The Nokia-Microsoft partnership would help Microsoft’s mobile software pushing into the mainstream, and revive Nokia’s smartphone fortunes.
It is bleak. I fact I would consider this one of the bleakest books I’ve ever read. Mary’s world is one from the Dark Ages, all the glories and wisdom of our world of science and knowledge has been left far far behind and long forgotten. It is a world where the Sisterhood rule with an iron, inflexible will and to defy them is to risk being abandoned beyond the fence and amongst the Unconsecrated.
Last Call at the Old Ponderosa by Paula Rhea McDonald
As part of the surprise Sarah had compiled a ‘This Is Your Life’ style video that was great and reinforced my opinion that he is actually something of an understated legend in his own right with: a groundbreaking first release ‘Drum N Bossa’ on Hospital Records back in 1999, which predated the big wave of Brazillian and Brazillian influenced Drum N Bass that was to sweep the scene a couple of years later; a residency at FWD (seminal Garage / Dubstep club night); and some time spent drumming for possibly the greatest of the live D&B bands, London Elektricity.
Twitter is the misunderstood social media option. Most people believe it is no more than the status update Facebook offers, so why have it. It is much more than a status update to discuss grandma’s re
Horseshoe 2 Fire
I didn't have a chance to score any of the Peeps or Cadburys on sale after Easter....yeah I admit to doing that so I decided to worship at the altar of " Dying For Chocolate " and share it here.
The NFL might as well just ban the entire organization from the field in 2012 with what they have done to this organization. Do I agree with what the Saints did? Not at all, but there needs to be some level of parody with the discipline. At the VERY LEAST, the NFL could have contacted these players to inform them of their suspensions. Unprofessional. Period.
back to some normalcy in our lives.
I resist the urge to ask him
LA is the smallest big city on the planet. In high school I had a good friend, who later became a producer. She works on a show called Stevie TV, which just kills me. So funny! Coincidentally, my wife also works on the show and the two of them got me an autograph of one my favorite characters, Katrina. Katrina knows how to handle trolls like !, JRT and the rest of the YDIS bozos. Enjoy.
Socrates sounded like several bands that were popular at the time, Jimi Hendrix Experience, Deep Purple, Blue Cheer, and Black Sabbath come to mind now when I hear their music from that early period, though the majority of their material was original. There were songs that were crowd favorites such as "Close the Door and Lay Down", "Starvation" and "Underground", but often the highlight of the evening was when they did their Hendrix songs like "Voodoo Chile", "Message of Love" and "Red House" or jammed on songs like "Kansas City" with singer Jimi Quidd (later of the NY Dots) and Greek-American blues guitarist John Kronis.
I have lived on four continents now. I have lived through Presidential elections on all four. Yesterday was election day here in Cameroon.
Maybe a bobblehead, but not a Puffle.
This new year, consider saying "Yes" to yourself and your joys by incorporating this visualization - that all your heart's desires are fulfilled - for a few minutes every day into your life. If you like, keep a journal beside you as you do it so you may jot down what may arise. Go to the source of what you truly desire and get out of your own way so that you may realize it. This practice sets in motion, at a vibrational level, all the support required for your life to be just as you wish it to be.
Take a moment to slow down and make some muffins. Muffins are always simple and fast...they aren't called "quick breads" for nothing.
Pudgy fingers fluttering.
17. S'Mores Milkshake
her most viewed post of 2011. In this post, Kat talks about how she maximizes getting sleep and how grateful and blessed she is to have her parents be so involved in helping and spending time with her kiddos.
Before her surgery, we were feeling bad, like we were just going to ruin our happy girl...it was kind of depressing...This was her the night before...
So I said, 'Uh.. thanks. But, no, I don't really like the doctor at the 24 hour clinic near my place. I'll call you though.. if it gets worse?'
New bedding and pillows were added. I added a fresh vignette to the shelf above the bed.
NMRF Wales, UK
The End we are all looking for is in fellowship with Jesus, the grand Harmonizer of heaven and earth. And that end has no end. It wraps our crude thirst for survival into a greater story of redemption and permits us to enjoy all we sought after in our petty endings. The goal worth living for is found in His presence–and that place is beyond the reach of our earthly story arches’ endings.
I hope you have enjoyed the week of previews! Go grab up your Teen Scene Summer images now! There are awesome coupons when you finish the hop! ;O) Speaking of hopping...it's time to hop on over to visit my awesomely talented friend and teamie, Cyndi!
Congratulations to Melissa Waldorf!
Holy God, Holy Mighty One, Holy Immortal One, have mercy on us and on the whole world.
· Watch how things in nature rely on each other…like when bees pollinate a flower.
Tsai Ming Liang’s pastiche juxtaposes images of carnality, superstition, ritual and the mundane: a trio of kitschy women sings onstage; an underage girl performs a striptease; long takes of an empty underpass and rotting carcasses of fish covered with flies; a shaman presumably ridding believers of bad spirits; and power lines against a cloudy sky. This film about a medium in a trance is likely to put the viewer into a stupor as well. The film’s more prosaic alternate title, “Fish, Tunnel”, more accurately describes this bad trip. (0/10)
First of all, I let my kids have at a piece of paper each and draw a nice picture. They had a lot of fun doing that! Then I simply took a piece of A4 card and stuck the two pictures down, one on the top corner and one on the bottom corner. They overlapped a little so I made sure none of the picture was overlapping then glued them down.
Tomorrow, I go in for a bone marrow test. As I’ve said, I’ve had a couple and they are less than fun. But how’d we get here? Well, it all started 9 years ago…
Just for the record...I don't eat salmon. Ever. For any reason. Ever.
Let me start by saying that, for a long time, I felt, yet again, out of place in this world knowing that I have always been a Night Owl. Even in grade school, I liked to stay up late and sleep late. In doing a smidge of googling on the subject, though, I find that it's not so abnormal. What I find unfortunate for those of us who are Night Owls is that society and our jobs often dictate what kind of schedule we must maintain.
"The men who executed this mission accepted this risk, practiced to minimize those risks, and understood the importance of the target to the national security of the United States," he said. "This operation was a surgical raid by a small team designed to minimize collateral damage and to pose as little risk as possible to noncombatants on the compound or to Pakistani civilians in the neighborhood."
In comparing how Holiday differs from Dance Party in the Balkans, Bethancourt explains, “I've definitely been influenced by Berlin on this album - much more electronic than the last, heavily based on synths, bass, and dancier drums and with hints of minimal house elements creeping in ever so slightly. Even within the album itself I can hear a progression of the Berlin electronic music scene influencing me more and more with the amount of time I spent here. The Berlin techno parties and all night dance marathons were big inspirations for me.
Somewhere I read that the reason Jesus said, “Lazarus, come out,” is because if he had just said, “Come out,” the tombs would have emptied that day. He called Lazarus and Lazarus came out. Isn’t it odd that even the dead can hear the voice of Jesus—often are better than the living: the birds obey; the dead obey; the living….well, we practice. Can you imagine Lazarus shouting back, “No thanks! I’m fine where I’m at.” But who among us would refuse the call to life? Even the dead are smart enough to know that when someone calls you to life you hear, listen, and obey.
Cravings is a collection of card-size devotionals based on the Psalms. They are written to help mothers develop their relationship with God in the midst of motherhood.
However this tunnel is compromised by the post-2009 area rules. Sidepod bodywork 50mm above the floor (actually 100mm above the reference plane) must meet tangential and minimum radius regulations. This means Red Bulls tunnel is limited to slightly less than 50mm in height, with a sharp top edge.
Do you know children who are well-loved? (I said well-loved, not perfectly loved.) I do. Great, sweet, wonderful honeys. Could there be anything quite so wonderful as the open love of children? Is it work for them? Does it seem difficult? Do they have to muster up the strength to do it or express it or receive it? Not in my experience. Rather, like most people of all ages, they soak it in like thirsty little sponges. Everyone loves to be loved!
So how did the scenario go?
I plan to start my childhood early in preparation for the eternal one to come. All I ask of you is that you send my toy box with me to the nursing home. As I rest my head upon my pillow, I will practice saying the poem “The Green Moth” by Winifred Welles- the one my son used to recite to me.
“Muslims do not hate our freedom, but rather they hate our policies. The overwhelming majority voice their objections to what they see as one-sided support in favor of Israel and against Palestinian rights, and the long-standing, even increasing, support for what Muslims collectively see as tyrannies, most notably Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Pakistan and the Gulf states. Thus, when American public diplomacy talks about bringing democracy to Islamic societies, this is seen as no more than self-serving hypocrisy.”
Photography is art, and the word art is short for articulation -- the act of giving utterance or expression. Art is something we create and whether it is drawing, singing, dancing, painting or photography, it is our personal expression to the world.
The most anticipated for me are the ones that allow you to sort your inventory by value, weight, or alphabetically (which is the default we have now). Can’t wait to check it out tonight.
Now it's official. Judge Chin, who issued the deadline extension, has released the letter he received from the DOJ, along with his order that the government present its findings by September 18, 2009 (ahead of the settlement's October 7 fairness hearing). The letter begins:
02-Everything's Not Fine
Pray for an end to the looting and lawlessness.
I am proud to announce that after 2 months of searching for our new Executive Chef to oversee the kitchen, the New Albany Exchange pub + kitchen is proud to announce that Rick Adams has joined the team. I couldn't be more pleased with the decision and am looking forward to our new Summer menu rolling out in May that will showcase our kitchen's talent.
Level 30: MP Cost: 50, Duration: 240 seconds, Damage: +60%, Critical Rate: +20%, Minimum Critical Damage: +15%, Attacks up to 1 enemy.
Doing things that you don't understand
I have found that this is like breaking an addiction.
Did you miss me? I missed you.
4 – 7 p.m. Brewery Ommegang, Sampling in the Beer Department
I’m feeling the desire to spread my wings and fly today, to get away from the cares and problems of the everyday world and enjoy a bit of nature. I feel a great need to relax and “commune.”
Level 4: Mastery: +57%, Weapon ATT: +4, Minimum Critical Damage: +2%.
I have been subbing this week at my children's school. This morning I got ready and E(my 8 year old)asks me "where's your gun?". I tell her the law does not allow me to carry my gun into a school. "But what if a bad guy comes in?" "Who will stop him?" "A good guy, should be able to have a gun."
Bygones.
Our new Canon Sureshot A1200 malfunctioned during the tour, so I didn’t get many pictures. It is going back and a new one is on the way. We have not had good luck with cameras.
I went to college in Texas, but I never really appreciated it until I moved to Massachusetts to attend law school. I then became an evangelist for all things Texan -- much to the amusement of my law-school friends, many of whom had never been west of the Hudson River. You couldn't find decent Tex-Mex food within 500 miles of Harvard Square, but at least I could listen to Mendocino in my cold, spartan dorm room.
Television - Marquee Moon (expanded) - 1977
It was going to be a natural tie-in. A photo essay of the typical chores I tackle on a Sunday, even a Sunday that’s part of the Labor Day holiday weekend.
Thirdly, people become open-mined and the culture differences narrow down. The development of technology and informatization is rapid, the culture, custom and traditions are propagated and spreaded to every corner of the world via movies, music and other medium and become known to more people. Therefore, marriage with foreigners become much more acceptable rather than the strange.On such a condition, internet dating service grows up. This dating method is believed to be the best and the most effective way to meet a guy outside the Asian countries.
Psyche in a Dress - Francesca Lia Block
and there is no song I could sing
Whenever I cook a ham, I'm left with odds and ends that don't add up to much, but I don't want to waste. That's when I make these yummy open-faced sandwiches. I eyeball the ingredient measurements and use what I have on hand -- odds and ends of cheese, various mustards, sometimes something onion-y, sometimes not. Just be sure to use a sturdy, flavorful bread. I especially like this with Dakota bread from Great Harvest Bread Company (which we Rochesterians knew originally as Montana Mills).
You know it’s going to be a good day with a 3 year superhero old bursts into your room at 7 in the morning, (after you’ve probably only been asleep for an hour) and shouts “watch out everyone, I’m superglue”!
The one-sidedness goes back to the issue of excessively positive portrayals of Islam, compromising on real critique and deeper perspective – the “kid gloves” issue. The notion of kids spending their summers devoted to memorising the Quran, syllable by syllable: this sort of devout, all-encompassing religiosity discomforts a lot of us, and yet it was given a free pass here under the guise of Culture. More than that, it was given a positive spin: The Light in Her Eyes, really? If this film had been about Christianity, it would’ve been pariahed in the spirit of Jesus Camp. Not questioning, not thinking, just nodding along.
I know that being a receptionist isn't glamourus, but it's important and it allows us all to be more efficient and better serve our clients and our community. I hope you'll join me in thanking Barb for her time, effort, and compassion. Thank you Barb!!
me: Kind of. But it’s pretty naughty no matter how you use it.
- Foreigners who fail to obey a deportation order are to be punished. (Article 117)
4. Tag 7 writers and let them know.
I'll be doing a big post on which primers I enjoyed the most, after I've had ample time to test them all. Are there any other primers I should try? I've got my eye on The Body Shop, Illamasqua and Fyrinnae so far. :)
Atop you’ll see the beauty of life
We’re not fit for the exact same type
Adam may be smart when it comes to Chopsticks, but he obviously knows very little about Isaac Newton. He lands on his head, giving him a severe concussion. And the next thing you know, Adam is “normal.” He can no longer ace the impossible tests. He can no longer play the piano like Mozart. He's just like every other kid.
dreamed I could fall so very much in love with these
And I hope you love it too
in the hope that you were wound
Series: Yes!
Well, that's some of the fun stuff I've been up to! I'll be posting recipes for lots of these later on. Now, I'm off for a fun evening with the girls, plus tomorrow is the craft fair!
Tri Yann are a French band from Nantes (Breton: Naoned) in the départment of Loire-Atlantique, Brittany, who play traditional Breton Celtic music.
Even the very imagination of the subtle nature of the atom and the depth and height of this gigantic cosmos’ gross form can only amaze us no end. As of now even the findings available as far as gross material nature of our planet is concerned are very little and hence it is clear that a lot more needs to be known in the realm of the atomic and chemical structure of other stars, planets, galaxies etc along with their climates, atmospheric conditions etc. The overall structure and conditions of each of these planets etc is vastly different. In order to unearth a few scientific discoveries and then make practical use of the same, many years of scientific research had to be executed. Hence the million dollar question asked is: What will be the total time taken and the amount of hard work required to unfold the mysteries of infinite stars, galaxies etc present in this infinite cosmos? Is it really possible for man’s limited intellect to unravel these mysteries in totality?
During day, when I go about being cold, getting colder, surviving a gray rain that slowly morphs into snow, I long for you. You open your arms and let me curl up against you every night and your love seep into my core like microwaves, warming me from the inside.
Background Focus
I asked all the usual questions. My friend told me that Mr. H was an outdoorsy kind of guy having just returned from two years with the Peace Corps in Africa. My friend had also been a Peace Corps volunteer in Africa. I was in the corporate world and had been for a few years. I was moving up and he was just getting started. I was a little skeptical.
I have a container full of names ... I will be glad to pick out the name for you and send you the name if you prefer. I am so excited by my saint(s) ... I already picked mine. Well, I should say that they picked me ... I have Saints Marcus and Marcellianus ... they are twin brothers who were sent to prison before their death. St. Sebastian visited them continually in prison and helped keep their faith alive. They are buried near St. Felix and are specifically honored in Spain.
Needless to say that was probably the fastest we ever drank in our lives. We stumbled out of Pat’s Pub into the afternoon sun and found our way back over the snake bridge into our territory. We were late for dinner that night, allowing for many basketball/softball games to help us sober up. I really don’t remember going back to Pat’s again, it closed down no long after that summer and by that time age didn’t matter. I think all the fun was in the chase, anyway. Now if we could only get served at Ulmers- no bridge to deal with.
E@L's preferred option of sleeping in the third bedroom (that of his sole sibling) has become so entrenched that this was no longer a problem, and E@L leaves the room for his cousins when they come for Boxing Day - perhaps once they resented this usurping.
The aperitif consists of four variations of succulent Sicilian olive, two different types of the fruity, spicy olive oil, tapenade, and sun-dried tomatoes all of which can be savoured with any wine you wish to bring along with you (it's BYO and the excellent vintners Le Verre Vole is just around the corner). Then comes the vegetable platter, with 5 bite-size morsels of each delectable hors-oeuvre served on a rustic little wooden board placed in the middle of the table for guests to pounce on. On our visit we had mushrooms stuffed with wild oregano and capers, oranges with anchovy, and carrot with mint and a Sicilian ricotta that was the consistency of Parmesan. You can also opt for an additional fish course (for a supplementary - and paltry - €15 for the whole table), which includes tuna bresaola, anchovies and tuna "salami"- fiendishly salty and devilishly good. Then comes the pasta course - perfectly al dente pasta with fresh seasonal ingredients (we had penne with mint and tuna). Diners can then opt for a cheese plate or skip straight to the sweet course, featuring cantuccini-like biscuits and lashings of honey.
of us dirty-kneed and
Hot to follow was Dr Mwumvanera Theoneste, an anesthesiologist from Kigali University Teaching Hospital (CHUK) in Rwanda.
Discount boxes is where Bowman goes to die. There probably was more Bowman than anything else in these boxes. This is why no one should buy a Bowman card the year it comes out (unless they're going to resell it). The vast majority of the cards will just end up in a quarter box.
Technology moved on and my interest for games grew with them. I have some very fond memories of playing through The Curse of Monkey Island when I could barely speak English. The urge to progress further in the game pushed me to teach myself any words I didn’t understand. In many ways I own my current vocabulary to video games. Video games have also offered me some of the most emotional moments of my life. Silent Hill 2 is still the most horrifying experience of my life.
1 1/2 cups brussel sprouts
Ladies, please send your 1250 word Word document to author kristen dot lamb at g mail dot com. My web site is under construction so it has been a real mess catching up with all the contest entries. This e-mail should work fine.
I actually took time to brainstorm and think about what I wanted to do for Mike. I wanted the cake to be a surprise so he didn't know anything about it. I sketched up my idea and took it to our baker and she was overjoyed at the idea of making his cake. I had brought two different ideas one that might be less difficult to do, and one that I thought would be the most fun. She chose the most fun option and the cake was born! I gave her the topper to scan and print on fondant - yes I said I hated the stuff but it's the only way we were going to get the illusion of a stack of records!
My first pic is my kitchen junk drawer. This is how it has looked for several months. I'm not joshin' ya, I didn't touch a thing except open the drawer to snap this shot. I could probably do a bit of tweaking, get rid of a few pencils, pens, etc; but The Man reaches into this drawer at least once every single day & has been returning items to their designated places. Let's just be clear here, I'm not messing with this little bit of perfection, okay?
But things started changing with the advent of free anti virus software. Given free anti virus software may not be as good as their commercial counterparts but they nevertheless, are pretty good for most computer users. Most free anti virus software come with even advanced detection technologies. What's more, these free anti virus software keep their virus signature database updated regularly like any other commercial anti virus software!
Be sure to comment on the daily inspirations featured on the facebook page- One random comment will also win this darling stamp set from Simon Says Stamp!
info :
Following an especially big night on primetime television, Jennifer Lopez was surrounded by staffers as she departed “American Idol” studios in Los Angeles on Thursday afternoon (May 10).
Savitz DA, Harlow SD. Selection of reproductive health end points for environmental risk assessment. Environ Health Perspect 1991; 90: 159-164.
Boehner told his members yesterday that he wanted to send markets a positive sign by the time Asian markets began opening this afternoon that Congress would strike a deal to break the impasse over raising the $14.3 trillion borrowing limit.
We've continued to buy him Christmas, birthday, Father's Day gifts, or just make cards. I've encouraged them to honor him.
Tonight I had the great pleasure of being invited to one of my very dearest friends son's 21st. birthday dinner.
It’s her life and she has to live it. I can’t live it for her. She is aware of her choices and there are many people who will be quick to point out that this is my problem, not hers. Others will jump to tell me that I should keep this stuff to myself.
Junior: Look Mummy, someone has dropped their crisp packet!
But on the Internet I'm awesome. I say funny things, I make people laugh, I participate in forums and groups and I have friends. They love me here on the interwebz. Some even love to hate me. That's sort of awesome all on its own, you know?
DJ Sumbody: Those are the main forces behind it, but as an artist you have to push for yourself and also make sure that people know about the brand that you are. Doing an interview on LIVE, YO TV and also appearing on a couple of print publications has helped a lot and I hope to do more interviews soon.
When you lie to someone you automatically lie to yourself. At a recent party, I lied to a stranger about who I was. The next day I felt immense guilt from my poor actions.Why did I do that? Too much alcohol? After feeling sorry for myself, I looked at the reasons why I lied.
Hands exploring
Well, of course, you may justifiably be thinking - how could anyone know more than a tiny fraction of what there is to know? The day when Renaissance Man (or Woman) could reasonably hope to know all that there was to be known is long past, if indeed it ever existed. But what it led me to think about was the subject matter we choose for our historical fiction novels. I know that there are those among us who write about other countries - Mary Hoffman writes books set in Italy, Marie-Louise Jensen has books set in Scandinavia, Theresa Breslin's last book was set in Spain, and very fine they all are. But in general, do we write mostly about British history, do you think? There's nothing wrong with that if we do. But do novels about British history interest, and reach, readers in other countries? And conversely, do we get the opportunity to read much historical fiction written by writers from other counties? And if not, why not?
10) Worrying if my damned luggage will make it or not.
They have mocked and attacked the very core values so important to the founding and growth of our Country!
Put it another way...I left for different reasons then, than the reasons I can never go back again, now.
Her improvement was brief, however. When she returned for a regular appointment with her doctor in Huntsville on July 18, her breathing, swallowing, and speaking had become seriously impaired. He said she needed to return immediately to her transplant doctors at Vanderbilt for more attention. At Vanderbilt, the doctors were still puzzled and concerned that she was worse, rather than improved. By this time she needed oxygen, and things were beginning to look quite serious. At almost the last minute, Becky’s travel to the dish convention had to be cancelled because she really had become unable to travel safely.
At the entrance to the wood, there was a singing Marsh Tit and a pair were further into the wood. I did hear a Willow Tit calling from that end of the wood, but I didn’t have time to wait for them to reach me. Good views of Treecreeper were some compensation – they’re everywhere just now.
Once I got home, I got some more work done and Heather wanted to leave to get some dinner. So, we left and went to “Taco Bell” and “KFC” and made some quick stops and then came home and ate some food while the kids ate leftovers from last night. After dinner, I continued to work on putting up miniatures on Ebay while I watched my usual Sunday night shows including “Amazing Race”, “The Good Wife”, and “CSI: Miami” and had all the rest of my miniatures (minus some doubles) on Ebay by the end of the night. I hope I get some good bids because I plan on using some of the money toward some costuming projects as well as some Star Wars minis. After that, i went to bed.
Super Strong shell.
The big new development, I hope, would be in community groups — not only local government but also, for instance, in joint funding arrangements in, say. Aboriginal communities, or areas of great unemployment. ■
Group leader: Be patient. These'll be old time before you know it.
Let us note here that all truth is from above. In other words, the truth comes down to us. It is not of our own making because God is Truth and He proclaims this truth to man. Jesus declares that the Holy Spirit will guide us into all truth.
~Bernard M. Baruch (1870 - 1965
Love, A. :)
I haven’t watched this, but am considering checking it out on DVD because Rachel Bilson is good on TV. I don’t think I’ll love it enough to be upset if there isn’t a second season, but I certainly wouldn’t mind it.
“Glen Lyon’s Cailleach is more benign. She is remembered for looking after the cattle that once grazed these high grounds. ‘Strange and terrible’ things are said to happen to anyone who dares disturbs her wintering grounds in Gleann Cailliche.“
Elizabeth M Schneider & Stephanie M Wildman (2011) Women and the Law Stories (Foundation Press)
I don't think the problem is the query letter. I think it's the novel. Some novels you need to write to get them out of your system, but not all novels should be shopped. I have a feeling this might be one of those.
Ethnic rivalries are often blamed for the violence in eastern Congo, but they are a tool rather than a cause. The main reason for the violence is:
And now, on to this week: Stress!
I will stand proud in front of you all
For example, since he is 6, he gets $5 per week. He has to split up the allowance into three categories: charity, spending and savings. Additionally, any gift money he is given will be equally split between spending and savings. Each Sunday he divides up his allowance and puts the money in the jars. He gets $2 for spending and savings and $1 for charity. While he is still young, we are stipulating how much money goes in each jar. We may allow him to choose the allocations as he gets older.
‘Containing the Global Cybercrime Threat’ is the focus of the Counter eCrime Operations Summit (CeCOS VI) in Prague, April 25-27
Have a great day chicks!
Looking forward to a great year ahead! Happy Birthday baby girl! We love you!
I heard the wind piping, I saw the black clouds,
Use a pizza cutter and cut into stick shapes. Sprinkle with a little dried parsley if desired.
And Rambo? I'm not much of a blood-and-guts shoot-em-up movie fan. You know, I'm just a simple poetic type at heart -- I prefer the Other, literary One: Rimbaud.
COCKPUNCH
the Troll beneath called out.
J is for favorite Juice: Cranberry juice
drizzled with the damp
Anitra
After a wonderful, relaxing and fun week/weekend, it's hard to start another week. (Especially since it's month end AND quarter end!) (All my financial friends feel me, right?)
seam ripper (a must!),
The green movement has gained tremendous momentum in the past decade. To be sure, you don’t have to look far to see the increasing prevalence of hybrid vehicles and the often-heated discussions (please excuse the pun) of global warming.
There can be some extra benefit if you want to look over what I’ve written in approximately two months so you can decide if you want to embark on a similar journey. You will be missing some of my writing which is a private blog containing my writing for two science fiction stories/novels.
ANT-LOVING BEETLE (above left)
Like all of the other pay-for-a-ghettoised-review vendors, Publishers Weekly does not want your self-published book, and will not give you a review of the same quality they give to other books. They will however take your money to provide a bastardised version of it. So they are "accepting" self-published books for review to the extent that they are charging more ($149 versus nothing) to provide less (a listing you write for them in a "quarterly supplement" rather than their best selling magazine). Oh and the listing in this supplement will not actually include a review, just a "brief description" presumably provided by the author. Only 25 of the unspecified number of books listed in a supplement will get a review. They then have the temerity to call the less-for-more treatment "PW Select".
Now, let's move on to Elle. My sweet yet sassy little lady. So, we have learned the art of ignoring. How a three year old can master this concept is beyond me. She is also really good at changing the subject in the blink-of-an-eye. I frequently have to hold her cheeks so that she will stare at me so I can talk to her. Then she says "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes....MOMMY" until I shut up. Awesome! On the other hand, she gives kisses like they are going out of style and loves to play with my hair. She hasn't learned how to be gentle yet, but we are trying. She has to do everything herself even though it takes forever. I am pretty sure I have peed my pants a bit because I am holding it in while waiting for her to decided to get out of her car seat and get in the house. Then she will look at me and say "Mommy, I am trying, please hold on!!" So, Sorry! Her attitude is refreshing though, and I know that she is just being a true 3 year old. As a friend of mine said (little shout-out to Jessica H.) "You want that attitude because you know she will be able to hold her own when she gets older." I am pretty sure I butchered what she said...but it was something like that. We love dancing (especially Dancing with the Stars), so we are about to embark on our first dance class on June 3rd. Fun! She has a unique sense of style too. When picking out some new PJ's the other day, she did not choose the monkey, frogs, ice-cream cones, or butterflys. No, my daughter chose the...crab. She said "whooooo, crabs." Again...Awesome.
She shook her head to give a flippant “no, I just meddle with the stuff their babies are made of, trying to make healthier children. Rather like baking a cake to mix up bits of the parents and create something greater than the sum.”
Steven Ngubane, Margate SAPF detective, arrested June 7 for attempted murder of tuck shop owner, Masinenge squatter camp
Without much further ado, let’s tackle Monday with much gusto!
Zephaniah 3:13
Newt rose in the polls in the fall on a positive message of not attacking fellow Republicans. Newt’s great moments in fall debates were refusing to engage when debate moderators sought to pit candidate against candidate. The message of a united front against Obama and a bright conservative future resonated with the Republican electorate like nothing else.
make friends, trying to get the attention of the girl he likes, and adjusting to life after losing his mother to brain cancer. The author’s cartoon illustrations help to tell the story and also keep it funny, even though the overall theme of dealing with grief is sad. The first person point of view made it easy for me to connect with the character of Milo and I quickly got wrapped up in his problems. Even though the main character is a boy, I think girls would enjoy this book too. As a writer, I’d study this novel to see how to weave in specific details that help to create the perspective of a middle grade reader (e.g. “her smile is like a curly French fry”, “hoping the conversation can
Rhee founded StudentsFirst in late 2010 as a way to impact education on a national level by pushing for changes in state law. Last year, the organization advocated for more than 50 laws in seven states, including Florida, Michigan, New Jersey and Ohio.
I wish I could tell you I love you.
The LINENS had no business living at the beaches of Florida, Sister Pam and Joe find they have much business there indeed!
Someone, yeah, yet another brave person hiding behind the Anonymous - let's say Anonymous # 526 has left a comment...
~This is the longest amount of time I've ever stuck with any health plan, which goes to show the dedication and the change that has happened in my heart!
Hi everyone! Every Saturday I volunteer at Almost Home Foundation, which is an animal rescue organization that springs about-to-be-euthanized dogs from high kill shelters, puts them in temporary foster homes, and matches them with permanent families. On Saturdays, the dogs are brought to Petsmart stores so that people can meet them in person. My volunteer job is to "handle" one of the dogs, introduce him to people, tell them background information on the dog, and hopefully find him a home! Generally I have a different dog each week. I thought that I would start a new feature on this blog, where I will tell yot u about one of the dogs I met who needs a home. Maybe this way I can help a few dogs and families come together!
Beatles Eleanor rigby UK
Why had Zanna run off, when she’d appeared so happy to be marrying James? And what would the poor man say to her if he found her?
Instant feedback and measurable results.
I guess this isn't really an official beer blog until I rank my top however-many beers. I realize that these are bound to change- and probably drastically- as I consume many more great brews in the near future.
Okay, I’m only half joking with the title. When this posts I’ll be in Disneyland! Then next weekend I’ll go to Reno, then celebrate Easter, and I’m pretty sure Steven has some parties marked out for us to go to the last two weekends of the month.
mirandawurdy@gmail.com
- You must be a follower of my blog.
There are so many things I look forward to at Christmas time and will be sad to see go, like the,
I had an Andechs Dunkel Doppelbock when I was in Munich in September. Yummy! Nice and malty. I had to make some of my own. The taste when I racked it has me anticipating when I can clear some space and get this in a keg.
My friend, a Royal Conservatory of Music Level 9, herself, has played weddings etc in Toronto and has the academic input here. My unschooled musical ear assessment was not only confirmed but doubly confirmed by her. My multi-genre musical performance attending friend, along with her husband, kept saying, “What amazing talent we witnessed on that stage tonight. We will be seeing them again every chance we can.”
Which led to the following exchange with Justice Alito:
or tree to curl under, across the valley
15 years ago Debbie Thiel landed our very first mail customer and the rest is history.
Changed name to Innervision.
Well guess what - your day will come. Replace that holier-than-thou attitude with one of compassion. The last thing that mom needs is a condescending look from someone who, based on a brief glimpse, has judged her as incompetent. Give that frazzled mom a look that doesn't condemn her, but affirms that she's not alone. A look that says - I understand; I'm sorry you're having a tough time; it's ok.
“Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit.”
Crazy about Lil Justin
“Preston’s Paradise has been running a push cart market for about five years now, and we were looking for a way to scale up and be a more consistent access point to fresh food in our neighborhood,” said Ryan Kuck, West Philadelphia Fresh Food Hub project manager.
Michael Erickson, a high school teacher in Toronto and a candidate for the New Democrats in the last federal election has petitioned the board of directors of our parent company Quebecor, the Canadian Broadcaster Standards Council and the Advertising Standards Council over our decision to air an ad that he doesn’t like.
You guessed it.
Old names are great. The name, Mabel, made a comeback when used on the TV show, Mad about You. They named their baby Mabel, to the dismay of friends and families. I loved it. My sister and I used to play “Ethel and Mabel” in the bath tub when we were little. I’m not too fond of Gwenyth Paltrow naming her son Moses, even though that is a pretty old name. Baby Moses….Nope, don’t like that. Didn’t like Apple either. I wonder if she would name her Apple again? If she would have had twins, I would have voted for Apple and Dumpling…or Apple and Pie….or Apple and Strudel…. I guess I should stop now.
Nearly three years ago, my father had a pretty bad stroke. Certain circumstances were already in place that made the overall situation a little easier to handle from a family standpoint. Unfortunately, Dad had his stroke at that strange hour of 4 a.m. He awoke again later, took his daily meds and started to go about his day. He considered he’d possibly taken a double dose of his meds because he felt strangely sluggish and uncoordinated, dribbling water when he drank from a bottle. On a business trip, luckily, he was with people who had known him for years…and knew the telltale signs of a stroke. EMTs were contacted and he was rushed to a hospital. Much too late to use clot-busting drugs. The stroke progressed over the next day or so, robbing my father of mobility, flexibility, dexterity, dignity and, we feared, almost his life.
4) Provide a link in your post back to Paper Playtime so others can come play along too
Poking fun at the competition seems to be prevalent in the South Africa market. The Daily Maverick published an interesting article that covers the historic playfulness of the industry across the Atlantic, called Advertising Spoofs: We Can All Get Along.
If any POW from any war were in such a camp, he’d likely have endured cruelly inhumane, freezing conditions akin to what Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn described in his short, compelling, brilliantly evocative “A Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich”. Still, these North Korean prisoner-workers were faring well enough.
Last Thursday, one of our new students, who has been stuggling to write her name and who is clueless as far as any English(spoken or written)had a real "light-bulb" moment. Actually, I think it was more than that. I think it was a "God moment." Our student met a volunteer who was actually speaking to her, in a language that they both could understand.
All are welcome...
Imagine you’ve been diagnosed with an incurable genetic disease and you are told you will not only lose your ability to walk and move your arms, but you will die between now and the next 18 months. What would you do? My name is Avery Lynn Canahuati, I’m almost 5 months old, and this has become my reality. But before I die, there’s a few things I’d like to accomplish…this is my bucket list and my story. SHARE IT & HELP ME TELL THE WORLD ABOUT SMA!
Oh, and he never called himself a Social Darwinist. He didn’t call himself a Darwinist at all (he had a different theory of evolution).
“You may not know me, but um…”
“No. We just had the one. Rented. It’s too hard to maintain a vehicle when you spend half your time outside the country.”
If both success and failure would be interesting, set it at 4 (average).
Today is a “Crack in the Earth” day!
Title: DADDY’S LITTLE MATCHMAKERS
I like the size & proportions, and appreciate that they still look like simple rustic militia without being turned into a mockery or caricature. They fit well with many of the RPG oriented halflings, and will be good for bulking out (haha...) the rank & file troops.
The next postcard is a view of that library's interior, described as follows:
(A quick disclaimer here: I am not a lawyer and am not offering legal advice. I'm describing the process I followed. Before you use any intellectual property please make sure to review the terms of use and not rely on my descriptions.)
While I'm sure all the stories are great, I already have a favorite. Diana Peterfreund shared with me an early draft of her story, "Foundlings" and I just ate it up. I don't want to give too much away, but it deals with teen pregnancy in a world that's not all that far removed from our own. You know how some dystopian stories are set in these crazy societies that you just know could never really exist here on Earth? Well, Diana's setting feels eerily plausible, especially after reading some recent headlines. Even more so, since I first read it when I was pregnant myself, last year. Scary stuff! But, like, in a good, entertaining kind of way!
and, as for the patience . . . . . .
She was predictably stalwart throughout. There was a breathy 'ow ow ow' followed by an accusing glare, and an indignant 'that hurt' directed at the wench with the white gun. I detected a slight tremor right before the second shot, but no tears, no fuss. And now:
She couldn't help but hold onto him. That close it was easy to forget cousins and uncles and the dull homework involving numbers that refused to do what they were supposed to do.
—Jean-François Lyotard, Preface, Lectures d'Enfance (Galilée, 1991; bootleg translation my own fault).
What I’ve done is create two circular raised beds in front and plant hundreds more in containers. (And plant different species tulips throughout the garden every fall.) The hybrids are treated as annuals, for the most part, and composted yearly.
February:
i have given all in a relationship.
An update on the scissors. They are titanium coated blue with convex blades with adjustable tension dial screw.
Hope you enjoyed seeing my card and will come back when time allows. I DO LOVE COMMENTS
All's well that ends well…
802 ***D-XI/8/1980. “On the Central Doctrine of Tocqueville’s Democracy in America.” Basic Program Weekend, The University of Chicago, Alpine Valley Resort, East Troy, Wisconsin. See Item D-I/24/1986, below. (Incorporated in Item C-1991(3), and in Item B-10, above, pp. 81-111, 284-88 (1999).)
25ml cranberry juice
It was a lorry that had been comprehensively overhauled in anticipation, naturally, but never mind. The pictures were good.
Actually, this has been quite a liberating experience. I'm still Mom,, but for the first time in 25 years, my days are not consumed with someone else first. Believe it or not, it took some getting over the guilt trip I placed on myself.
I looked down again at the lost girl lying asleep in eternity and knew that my heart would ache to feel the tears of rain or light of the moon again.
Q. What are you doing to prepare for an upcoming zombie apocalypse and/or the return of Mel Gibson to the silver screen? (Both of which could be terrifying.)
Instead, we have a film that has the feels like a precursor of the Spaghetti Western, with evil banditos laying siege to and menacing innocent farmers. The settlement is even protected by a palisade that looks a little bit like an old west fort.
Finally, RSDW, take off that fucking hat. You look like one of those fucking hipsters who spends hours trying to look effortlessly cool. If I cared enough to do something about it, I would bum some paint thinner from one of the artists and a lit cigarette from those shitty smokers and burn your hat in front of you while you cry and scream for the homeland. But that's not even the worst of it. It's chilly and I'm wearing the one long-sleeved shirt I have with me. I look fine by myself, but next to you, I appear to be the retarded relative you took out on the weekly visitation. And for that, I will shit inside of your soul. Cunt.
Second, the conscious destruction of fatherhood. While not all of these rioters come from broken homes — yes, the term is most applicable — many of them have no strong, male figure to look to, and even when a father is present he is often emasculated. We have lionized the single mother and made the role of the dad who provides boundaries and consequences to actions a figure of fun, a dinosaur.
Sorry I've been MIA for so long - my classes at school got over yesterday (actually Wednesday because yesterday we caroled in the halls for choir and watched "Dolphin Tale" which by the way, is the sweetest movie ever. I laughed and cried and loved it!! I'll be doing a review on it sometime next week (along with some book reviews) over at my other/new blog, The Media Mix . I have a feeling that I'm going to be doing a lot of things next week (including some long over-due posts; sorry for the lack of reading material on here) so we'll see what I end up getting done. We're going to try and get the Christmas/New Year's letter and picture(s) out next week - we didn't do a letter or picture last year, so I really wanted to do one this year. After all, it's my last year home and I did quite a few things last summer that I want people to know about (bragging? maybe a little...:)
(And create 11 new questions for the people you tag to answer, if you can).
The color run, all sorts of wonder follow.
The so-called “Scramble for Africa” by Britain, France, Belgium, Italy, Germany, the United States and the other capitalist powers was essential for the growth and enrichment of the modern-day capitalist class, which included the owners of the biggest banks, syndicates and monopolies.
"Audrey often played characters who went through some kind of transformation, both inside and out. But in real life, Audrey always knew just who she was, and just where she had come from" and
In addition, UK car emissions are dropping: just over 4% in 2011 against 2010 and nearly 31% comparing to 1997. To hit the EU target - cars must have emissions less than 130g/km by the end of 2012 and 95g/km by 2020. In England we trust.
Cliffhanger: Light decides that he’s going to use the Death Note to kill off all the criminals and evil people to create a world full of only the kind-hearted people he accepts. He declares that he’s going to be “the god of this new world.”
There seems to be a parallel agenda running in some quarters, remote from the case itself, with motivation one can only guess at.
Today we start the How by discussing non-examples. Carl Hooker is currently the Director for Instructional Technology for a Texas school district and has a great list of what not to do when deploying iPads as learning tools. You’ll want to read the entire post but here’s the Cliff Notes version of a few of Carl’s suggestions:
“To create an overreaction and having a huge escort to accompany the child to school?” Since when is thousands of Israelis wanting to come to defend a little Jewish girl an “overreaction?” Baruch Hashem, all of those “horrible anti-Torah secularists” have a Jewish pulse and, upon seeing the tears of this Jewish girl wanted to help. What a strong contrast with the reaction of this Rabbi who for months upon hearing about the traumatized girls responded with a message which seemed to convey, “What do you want from me?”
NO GAS for 42.2 miles of driving because Matthew drove.
We've had a very mild November, especially compared to the subzero temps of last year, but I'm not complaining. I love mild temperatures and it could stay like this all winter as far as I'm concerned.
Folders & Pockets: Make sure they will fit 8.5” x 11” paper since most notes you’ll be taking and contracts will be printed on that size.
It's the last game of a hard-fought season, and an athletic team (the Blue-Blooded Ancestor Hunters?) suddenly finds itself short by one member. Six players are required; they have only five. You're asked to fill in, even though you have no knowledge of the game. That doesn't matter, they assure you, the real team members will carry the ball and do the scoring. All you have to do is stand where the coach tells you to, and be counted. Some sort of reward is offered--fame? fortune? undying gratitude? some skeletons for your closet?--so you accept the deal. The team wins the game, and the highly-coveted blue ribbons are passed out to everyone on the team, including you. Tell me, how meaningful is that blue ribbon to you? Isn't it pretty much commensurate with how much you've invested in the game?Some people do genealogy because it's part of their religious practice. Some do it as a vocation. Many of us do it as an avocation and, oh, how we bristle if our pursuit is reduced to the lowly status of a mere hobby! No matter which category we fit into, though, I'd be willing to bet it's the thrill of the hunt that keeps us going, and that tantalizing prospect of another happy dance possibly just minutes away.
dogs.....
a red candle for the element of fire
I got a room at a reasonable cost on the liveliest avenue the Slope has to offer: The fantastic 7th Ave. The walk to the train station was now a good 7 minutes away, but walking past all the restaurants, coffee shops, and other culinary joints made me happier than a 1 minute walk past Prospect Park in Flatbush ever had. Moving here was a relief compared to from where I had come. And I felt I had really earned it after the hard times I experienced before. No yelling neighbors who wanted to kill their children so they could have some peace. No abused animals barking in the lonely dark. And no bed bugs to worry about anymore.
And I dropped another 4 lbs this week.
In his book Darwin’s Black Box, Michael Behe stresses that the structure of the living cell and all other biochemical systems were unknown “black boxes” for Darwin and his contemporaries. Darwin assumed that these black boxes possessed very simple structures and could have come about by chance. Now, however, modern biochemistry has opened up these black boxes and revealed the irreducibly complex structure of life. Behe states that Darwin’s comments on the emergence of the eye seemed convincing because of the primitive level of nineteenth-century science:
So, try it if you want, but it will not change your life, or even your meal significantly. Maybe if they come out with a Cool Ranch one the story would be different.
reproach me, because I did no wrong.
He's none other than..
Sonia Montano, University Unisinos, and Suzanne Kilpp, University Unisinos. The Methodology of Frames and the Audio-Visual Ecology
And the other I wrote:
-Because I have believed, I have the seal of the Holy Spirit.
While prowling the blogosphere this afternoon, I came across a new (to me) favorite - Pewter + Sage. Sarah is expecting a baby as well so I've been having a blast reading all about her nursery design and inspiration.
But there is an ominous explanation that lay behind this folly—an even greater folly: (1) They “did not remember the Lord their God, who had rescued them from the hands of all their enemies,” and (2) they “failed to show kindness” (Judg. 8:34-35).
Many forms of cancer often lessen hunger. Persons suffering of the sickness find it not easy to eat due in part to stress, unease, queasiness, exhaustion and many, various side-effects of their treatments. Thus, with reduction in appetite, it is important to make sure that when they are ready to eat, cancer patients consume healthy foods that are high in protein and calories. Choosing foods such as olives, dried fruits and nuts are good choices. Make an attempt to stay away from unhealthy synthetic sugars that can be found in candies, sodas and other sweets as these sugars can help to disrupt the cell division process; which, when left unbalanced, can lead to the development of a number of cancers
This is not a retread of the usual debate of Traditional Jazz versus New Jazz. This is an examination of jazz losing it's way in order to find its way. Jazz transcending jazz to be...I don't even know - cosmic improvisation? tathagata-jam? The definition of jazz is not expanding, it is evaporating. The musicians in this documentary play improvisational music built on a number of influences beside the tradition of Jazz. They're soaking in the world and living a philosophy of improvisation within community, treating the music as a living organism. The music is incredible! Hip hop jazz orchestras, metal blues bop, and freestyle rhythmic vitality. The music is alive and well and going in new directions.
Sci-Fi
Oasis Champagne supernova UK
What is Prayer?
You'd think we'd had enough by this point, wouldn't you? But how could we leave before witnessing a 'vampire' facelift??! This procedure was doubley intriguing for me. Obviously, the inner goth was awakened at the very mention of a vampire, but also because the procedure doesn't involve injecting any foreign bodies into the skin. Known professionally as PRP (Platelet Rich Plasma), a vampire facelift involves the doctor taking blood from the patient, spinning it around to separate the plasma and then injecting your own plasma back into your skin. Susan, my microdermabrasion nurse, was desperate to have this done even though, in her own words, "you look a little bit like a frog for a few days afterwards". Apparently it is the only procedure which lifts the eyelids and attacks the fine lines just under the eyes. We plucked up the courage to have a quick peek at this one before we left. I was glad to see that the needle looked a little shorter, but the whole concept of having someone jabbing about my eye with any kind of needle gives me the willies...
POC: Martha, Mickey, River (as Mels).
The Draenei thrust the reins of the horses at Creme. “Hold these.” Creme did so and watched as Brulee pulled the packs off of Willow and found one of the stakes that was in the packs, along with a hammer. She deftly struck the stake into the ground, and then held out her hand to Creme for the reins again. Creme led the horses to her, and she tied them to the stake.
Today you are being introduced to a set called School's Out! LOVE this set! I love school related stamp sets. I have no idea why but I sooo do! This one is a must have for any stamping mom... or anyone who just loves school stamps like I do!
Can we trust this process, coming from a board with no electoral oversight? (Chaired by a man who famously says one thing and does another?)
I often see small presses using a contract template they've picked up from somewhere, which may employ outdated terminology (such as referring to plates or unbound sheets) or contain unnecessary language (such as including a revised editions clause in a fiction contract) or make inappropriate claims on subsidiary rights (a larger publisher may be able to do something with translation rights, for instance, but there's no reason in the world for a cash-strapped, contactless small press to claim them).
This is my very favorite birthday memory of him. He was 4 and he wore this tuxedo to Chuck E. Cheese for his party...and he wrote this little ditty. He could NOT be more adorable.
While exploring the Iranian media, i found these photos quite refreshing, specially for those Iranians who live abroad. Now probably every house in Iran is clean & shinny & Sabzeh* is grown.
‘The biblical God is above all the one who liberates us from all bondage, from the anguish of living and the anguish of dying.’
This is reinforced by the focus in terms of event. Of course everyone (in real life) dies, but the novel is so plotted that every character is propelled towards nothing more than their own death, which always ends on a note of waste, as in the description of the death of Mernelle's husband Ray. At the end he fails to recognize Mernelle (after their seemingly loving marriage) and in his mind's eye sees instead a figure from his childhood: her slender back to him, her bare arms, the square of sunlight on the floor enclosing his own shadow. / 'Too bad we never did,' he said, and died.
Shoe storage is one of those things that most women I know struggle with. You love them. They're pretty. They make you happy. Yet all too often they end up stuffed into shoe bins or piled up in the closet.
I have to keep seeing different doctors for each phase of my treatment which involves many doctor appointments, bills to pay, insurance forms to complete, and FMLA forms to get filled out for time off work. I have follow-up appointments with the surgeon, appointments with a medical oncologist concerning the need for Chemo and learning about the pill I’ll be taking for five years, and the radiation treatments to look forward to every day for about 6 weeks except on the weekends. I am deciding if I should work half days during this time or just continue to stay off work until the end of these treatments.
Here’s a couple of short videos I made on my ipad with the help of my wonderful friend Carmen. I’m demonstrating Viva Decor Inka-Gold cream paints which I just love while Carmen is holding the ipad.
From 1994 to 2004, I watched the Oscars. Religiously, reverently. In college I’d organize viewing parties and low-stakes betting pools. Once, in 1996, I even interrupted a family vacation to return to the hotel in time for the evening’s telecast. Pulp Fiction won Best Screenplay, but lost Best Picture to Forrest Gump, teaching me to which category to really pay attention to in the coming years.
The annual report from the Department of Culture shows the same lack of interest in indicators. Most of the figures presented would become much more informative if they were related to the size of the population in the service area. This can be generalized: tables that focus on absolute numbers rather than on relationships between numbers, fail to release their full knowledge potential.
Rise up this mornin'
Yesterday morning we attended a farewell playdate for Landon, organized by some moms in his class. I'm so glad they thought of it. It was low key and simple, with fruit and juice and crackers, and a perfect way to spend some time with these parents we've been seeing at drop-off and pick-up and a million birthday parties over the past 3 years. We chatted and laughed and let the kids run amok under our intermittent supervision.
There are too many beautiful boys and girls, men and women, in this city to count.
I did not finish-plane the boards. I got one side flat enough to feed through my power planer.*
The ABORTION SQUAD were part of the few hardcore punk from the New Hampshire scene, among bands like the MURDERERS, the MIGHTY CO'S and AGROPHOBIC ARRAY... they are incontestably the most primitive and brutal band from this scene, playing intense and spontaneous hardcore with a real "fuck you" punk attitude.
‘True Love’ and ‘True Love 2: Trouble In Paradise’ is a independent collaboration between Manien Botma and Jason Turner, a writer and penciller couple who have been together for ten years (and recently got married after the completion of ‘True Love 2′). Unlike the vast majority of western comics ‘True Loves’ is set in none other than Vancouver, Canada, rather than America. The small series follows True, a twenty something boutique clothes shop owner, and Zander, a fruit and vegetable grocer with eccentric hair.
While he was wrapping up his speech, a really, really important person in the religious community asked Jesus to dinner. Jesus happily came, but then was immediately criticized for not following the exact letter of the law in The Book of Religious Institution Rules before sitting down to eat.
Victory MMA returned Saturday night for its third event at the Academie Sportive in the Park Extension neighbourhood of Montreal.
Grammy came to hang out with us on Wednesday and do a little shopping, so of course we hit up CPK (California Pizza Kitchen) for our favorite salads. Ryann always gets a kick out of drinking from a 'big kid' cup. Ryann and I were on our own Wednesday night, so when she requested a bath at 4:45, I figured why not. We spent a good 30-45 minutes just playing in the bath. Of course followed by a goofy mirror photo session. We ended our little girls' night watching Tangled and eating 'special' (s'mores) popcorn. Ryann was definitely a happy little camper.
I went to Colorado and as I was packing, I purposely left all "trying to conceive" stuff at home. My thermometer, my ovulation predictor strips, my pregnancy tests. I made myself ignore the apps on my phone, and the groups on facebook I was a part of. I just enjoyed my Christmas NOT thinking about getting pregnant, to be honest. Almost as soon as I started, I wanted to continue forcing myself to not think about it. It was the hugest relief, and just in time for the Christmas season (which, by the way, is my favorite holiday EVER). I was having a total blast in Colorado, and my mind was free to focus on other things for the first time in 18 months.
""That's got 12.5% alcohol? That's a hell of a pizza!"
2. "Children do not need to be made to learn to be better, told what to do or shown how. If they are given access to enough of the world, they will see clearly enough what things are truly important to themselves and to others, and they will make for themselves a better path into that world then anyone else could make for them." John Holt
9. The Funky Phantom: (First aired 1971, ran until 1972) The 70s were all about getting down at the disco and keeping it fresh, so it only makes sense that the Phantom had to be funky too. Attempting to find shelter from a rain storm, three teens take refuge in an abandoned house. While there, they discover the ghost of an old coward who had hidden in his clock from British soldiers during the Revolutionary War. Not to worry, however, because this ghost was far from frightening and soon became the gang's favorite "Funky Phantom!"
Anyway enought of my rambling onto today's makes. I love making gift tags to go on presents so I thought I would share a couple I made a few weeks ago for presents.
2. Continue working with decorating cookies, cakes, etc
Zipper Pouches:4
Michaela’s 2nd birthday – Curious George. She loves “Georgie”
Welllllllllll.....
You have given so much, O Goddess of Spring. So it is with great humility that I bow down to you, however unworthy, to ask of you one final gift.
5. Are these the same cravings/aversions as when you were pregnant with Luke? No, I don't think so. I remember craving french toast and donuts, more pastry like foods. And I wonder why I gained almost 60 lbs!! And I don't recall any aversions.
Five facts:
In a food processor combine the flours, sugar, 1 cup brown sugar, and salt, pulse to combine. Add the butter and pulse until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. If you don't have a food processor whisk together the flour, sugar and salt and cut in the butter until it resembles coarse crumbs. Reserve 2 cups of the crumb mixture, and place the remaining crumb mixture in a medium mixing bowl.
difference like ego counts.
There is the imposter of Passion. Easy to achieve. In fact, “achievement” is an odd term to use in this context, since “to achieve” suggests some degree of effort. But for most love flings, the Passion is so spontaneous and effortless that it is hardly an achievement.
And then I applied them.
Son: "I had to let my girlfriend know I would be on television."
Reader Dave sends two photos of a barred owl (Strix varia):
E'en as the sweetest note is born of pain,
He said, "That's corny."
"Everything beckons to us to perceive it," says Rilke — EVERYTHING — and I take his counsel seriously. In my daily journeys, I do my best to observe not only the larger forms that dominate the landscape, but also the smaller fragments that either make up or adorn these forms. I try to look beyond the obvious, to see the overlooked and forgotten. I try to "see beyond what is seen," for lack of a better expression, and to become intimate with everything, including the lost, the fallen, and the degraded. Above all, I resist the temptation to ignore things that are not easily identifiable. In my experience, true beauty seldom lends itself to names, labels, or classifications.
When I get to the office, my day will depend on the emails that are coming in. I always start with a list of things to do, but this often gets pushed aside as urgent things come in! I meet with editors mid-morning or mid-afternoon, so I’ll be preparing texts and pitches. I also negotiate contracts, edit texts, look after our social media (blog, twitter, website), look at artwork, manage bespoke writing projects, call editors and meet new authors/author illustrators. All this takes me to around to 6pm/7pm and then I head home, tackling submissions on the train back.
My daughter came home from collage for the weekend and it was wonderful to visit with her, and I couldn't resist making a few treat boxes for her and her roommates, and another friend who is at the same collage- BYU-Idaho.
I decided I could go, but I knew I'd be wasting my time. My relative refused to take responsibility for his actions. He believed he was under a supernatural spell and only supernatural intervention would cure him. He blamed his addiction on his childhood, on the women he chose, and on the plain fact that he had never ever had any luck. What bullshit, I thought. What utter, utter rubbish. If in one of my conversations with him he had said that he wanted to change, or if any of my other relatives had said that he wanted to change, I would have been on the next flight to the island. Until my relative wanted to change, change wouldn't come.
I'm going to go see if I can get my hunter up to level 62.
Less than a week later, a five-man executive committee replaced Davis. One member of the new “office of the chairman” is Bienenstock. It’s ironic because he exemplifies Dewey’s business strategies that may have worked well in his case, but less so in others’, namely, lateral hiring and compensation guarantees. Prior to joining Dewey & Leboeuf in November 2007 (a month after the merger creating it), he’d spent 30 years at Weil, Gotshal & Manges. While he sat on Dewey’s management committee that Davis chaired, his new firm became one of the top-10 in 2011 lateral partner hiring.
A synonym is friggatriskaidekaphobia. Frigga is the Norse goddess for whom “Friday” is named (Frigga’s Day), and triskaidekaphobia is fear of the number thirteen.
Well anyway on to the original post....
I love my kiddo so much--it's insane. I love his laugh. I love his cry (really--I do!). I love his crawl. I love all the cute little sounds he makes and his crazy-baby outbursts. I love his odd sense of humor. I love the way he head-butts people (softly) to show affection. I love it when he dances/bounces to music. I love everything about him.
- Park next to cart return bins at stores.* If your child is still in an infant seat, it lets you put the seat in a cart immediately and wheel it into the store, and allows you to return the cart after shopping without leaving your child at all. If your child is in a convertible seat and rides in the cart, you can put your child in the cart immediately and not have to worry about the danger of them bolting in a parking lot.
We hit the fabric store again, and she found a pattern that alleged to be "very easy", but required darts and gathers. I began to hyperventilate at the idea of sewing darts and gathers when I had a 24 hour timeline. She saw the panic on my face and decided we should skip it.
Karl Henri Joseph, 25, New York, N.Y.
Bake the meatloaf, uncovered, for 40 to 50 minutes, depending on size/thickness. It could take up to an hour if it's baked in a high sided loaf pan. About half way through the cooking process, I remove it from the oven, pour on the glaze and spread it evenly over the top.
What did you think I was talking about?
So happy today is Friday! I've been lost all week long, thinking Tuesday was Wednesday and Wednesday was Thursday. Today is Friday, for real!
* Aidan loves to build things with his legos and blocks, play with trucks, dance to silly songs, do puzzles and read books.
"Some protesters came independently, alerted by e-mails or social media. Others were members of groups such as Americans for a Safe Israel, Human Rights Coalition Against Radical Islam, Amcha-Coalition for Jewish Concerns, National Council on Jewish Affairs, and Liberals for Israel. " **
but would I suggest it to others?
So, Singer has highlighted the ethical dilemma involved in how we deal with our finances in light of inequality in the world. However, there are some problems with Singer’s analogy. The limit of what Singer can imagine people doing is giving lots of money to charity. Charity is the ultimate act of an utilitarian ethic. So, within the confines of an unjust social structure the best we can do is charity. Justice requires something more radical. The guest, Ben Burgis, argues that Singer’s own analogy undermines his ethic of charity,
Sometime in the past three or four years, New Belgium decided it wanted a piece of Oregon's market, and it spent an enormous amount of money trying to get shelf and tap space. It appears the effort has been only partly successful--after displacing regional ambers for a time, New Belgium has given back a lot of shelf space and tap handles to Full Sail and Mactarnahan's. They may do decent business, but I don't think Oregon is the pot of gold NB hoped.
One thing I am noticing in my laid-back holidaying in the queer society of the early 20th Century is that, while shut up together as universally ‘perverse’, homosexuality and sadomasochistic leanings were allowed a greater degree of crossover between them; in that it was equally condemnable to want to be buggered as beaten by a chap, so that once one was already a transgressor as a homosexual, there was little shame or condemnation left for the other vice.
A few years ago, I was studying Russian in Madrid when Valery, our very charismatic teacher, took our entire class to the restaurant he argued was the only authentically Russian in the city: Las Noches de Moscú. In this place, lavishly decorated –as it is supposed to be -, one can try the classic specialties of their cuisine, prepared by native chefs. Salad Olivier (inspiration to what we call here Russian salad), beef Strogonov, kotleti, blinis, sirnikys…All of it accompanied by a good vodka or one of the most popular beers in the country. The service is good and always willing to explain any further information about their gastronomy or costumes, such as having picked vegetables along with your vodka so that you don’t end up singing Kalinka aloud. The good value is unbeatable.
Today, I actually went to The Home Depot to buy a shovel.
Here's a SSO question: I've been worried about you. You mentioned having marital problems. I'm sorry to pry...are things okay?
I'm sure that if you have been hopping along - you have seen a number of Sweet 'n Sassy's very cute images. I also have a Label down the left side of my blog that says "By: Sweet 'n Sassy". If you click on that you will see all the other cards that I have made.
It’s a good thing he went. We have the conversation that perplexes people who resist God and do the theological and logical ducking and diving. They talk about the Christians as the “born agains” as if that were a weird cult or strange aberration!
Emu Oil – From flightless ratite birds native to Australia and now factory farmed. Used in cosmetics and creams. Alternatives: vegetable and plant oils.
- Hey Tom, just need the loo?
This week and next at Observatory! Hope to see you there.
“Why did you tell him? I’m fine.” I said defiant.
Sheffield’s Botanical Gardens officially opened in 1836. The following year Charles Dickens began work on ‘Oliver Twist’. We feel this makes the Botanical Gardens a perfect place to celebrate our City Read. So that’s what we’re going to do…
A defense for Noah!
Share 45 things about yourself: If you opened this, copy it and paste it into your own note - FILL IT OUT!!! Learn 45 things about your friends, and let them learn 45 things about you!
When I did my research for my children’s book I went amongst a lot of other places to the Barbier-Mueller museum in Geneva, Switzerland. This one had just opened a new exhibition at that time about masks from all around the world. I absolutely loved that exhibition, which is still on until September 16th. Since they didn’t have a catalogue then, I did many sketches of the various masks I saw there and which inspired me. It was kind of creepy being watched by so many ancient masks, but at the same time it makes you think where and when they were used and how significant they were to their original owners. It makes me tingle all over to see something so beautiful and rough like the designs of ancient tribes.
9.) Glee (the plot is stupid but I just love the songs, and if you don’t think while watching it, you’ll enjoy it)
i might do one big post tomorrow with the past week,
These are determined at the time the goal was scored so regardless of how the game ended up, it’s the situation in the game at the time that matters.
The man looked at her and she glanced up, meeting his gaze. The streetlights flashed on his face, stealing all colour and warmth from his eyes. They were so cold that she couldn’t tear hers away. She stared into them, chilled by the detached air that he emanated but fascinated by him at the same time. Was he as empty inside as his eyes? She had never met anyone who looked as hollow and emotionless as this man did. Something terrible must have happened to him to make him look this way.
Just a couple words about both, first Mark, if I had a dollar for every video I watched done (by Mark) I would have a whole bunch of dollars. He is extremely knowledgeable and a great teacher, so you just can't do any better or ask for more than that.
The one flaw in my Grand Scheme was that I had no real skills in the this arena. I can cook, but not well. I can clean, but not well. Once that domestic delusion of mine was discarded and disposed, we set about to find a maid.
when it all comes together. More importantly, we are both excited
bottom tier: vintage luggage cake with stamps of her favorite travel spots
To the people who I've worked with at summer camps, or worked with me when I was a camper (LV and Amisk - you rock!!!), through youth work, and to the RP detachment at Kildonan...wouldn't be doing what I do if I hadn't learned something from you along the way.
“I” – There’s something I need to say about me; or, there’s something I need to say about what’s in my eye.
10. Martyr
40 The Evolution Control Committee - I Don't Care
Everyone looked shattered. News about the buildings that had fallen down in the city, the devastation in Kutch from the 8.1-magnitude quake, and the people who had died had started reaching us by that time.
How do you co-parent separately with someone you couldn't co-parent together with? Good question, right? We could do what we each please, fight like cats and dogs and blame each other when something goes wrong, or we could learn to communicate with each other, collaborate on details and work together. I don't think either of those will work for us. There has to be some middle ground somewhere that we can reach. There are going to be fights, there are going to be misunderstandings; that happens in the best of relationships and yes, this is still a relationship. It is just an evolving relationship. We are no longer best friends, in fact I don't think either of us would call the other friend at this moment in time. The fact remains, though, that we need to find a way to work together. We each need to learn to give to the other and think of the kids first.
As four-piece, the group cut the monster-selling In A-Gadda-Da-Vida set later in 1968, that album staying on the U.S. album charts for more than two years, and becoming one of the largest-grossing rock albums of all time. It was also reputedly the first ever rock group album to achieve platinum status.
So, here's the story so far:
Me: Hey! We don't know that!
The next night was the wedding. Ex BF Jered was there, which I knew he would be, but I was determined not to say a word to him. As we walked up, he stopped and said hello, and I just mumbled hi as I walked by. I just did not want to have anything at all to do with him, so he couldn't go back and tell his skank girlfriend I was talking to him so she'd text me.
Good Monday morning, friends!
The moral obligations of the people is anticipated to function among the people because of their continuously increased consciousness and improved lives and living conditions due to the development of infrastructural facilities to manifest in their active participation in the widened space in the socio-structural, political and economical relations and in the internal environment of the sub-regional nation-state and civil administration which are significantly facilitative in the growth of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian through utilizing increased space with diverse dimensions by the people depending on time throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-states. The increasing devotion, commitment and dedication of the people will also be vividly manifested in the growth of businesses and market which will provide abundant provisions with them to demonstrate people equitably accessing domestic and international market with encouraging interests driven by cognitive social capitals: taste, usefulness and importance in their daily lives and living conditions of the consumers and for the producers leading to the development of confidence and principle to invest them in the increased space with diverse dimensions in accordance with their conveniences depending on time all throughout within and across the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. As a part of their devotion, commitment and dedication to the growth and development of the sub-regional nation-state and uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian the people shall and will become supreme professional in facilitating the sub-regional nation-state and Global Civil Society institutionalized up to grassroots to the organized growth of businesses and markets through their active participation instead of repulsive behavior thus encouraging the positive attitude of the entrepreneurs in the markets, nation-state and civil administration towards the growth of uninterrupted open highest form of capitalism with the supreme flavor and spirit of egalitarian all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-state. In the sustenance of the complete convergence of the changes in the markets, sub-regional nation-state and civil administration the moral obligations of the people is anticipated to demonstrate supreme commitment of the peoples’ active participation in the business and markets towards the growth of intra- and inter-business-market professional linkages leaving no space for the revival of business or market syndication all throughout the boundaries of the sub-regional nation-states.
Font jewellery is simplified to bust and can be utilised to tog up or coiffure down. They are easily purchasable and the tracheophyte offered is long. Because they depict arcane symbols and figures, font adornment imparts aprehend of story and silence. Touristed among both the formative and not-so-young, face adornment may be tenebrious, but not dreary; rhetorical, but not tawdry. In fact, it is honourable the opposite: jewelry and the darkside - a hauntingly gloriouspounding.
The way he stood,
Happy Today!
reading is so fundementally important.
I scarce believed thou couldst be gone away ;
And of course actual English spoken by gai-jin or "foreigners" in anime sounds something like this:Pera pera pae, perpera pera pa.To be fair, "pera pera" means "to be fluent" in Japanese, and a lot of people in Japan are "Eigo pera pera" (Fluent in English), but don't expect every person you walk up to on the street to speak English. You simply need to learn to speak Japanese the right way. Of course, then you would be be committing Japongo. Which is a word I just made up, but it is just as bad.
2 shoulder
NTSC/PAL Selectable
Most of all, it has rooms like this one: hardwood floors, lovely woodwork, two slate fireplaces, and loads of potential. It's cheap because it needs work, and it has beautiful bones. Like Goldilocks finding Baby Bear's porridge, when I gaze at the photos, I think to myself, "perhaps it could be just right."
*slight exaggeration.
Looking forward to tipping my hat to you all today. LuLu
The rally poses a dilemma for Najib, who since last year’s crackdown has sought to portray himself as a reformer, launching a campaign to repeal authoritarian laws in a bid to create what he called “the greatest democracy”.
Anyway I am looking forward to 2012! The excitement of a presidential election year. The Republicans are all vying for the religious vote. Mitt Romney is actually somewhat sane but the Religicans don't like him because he is a Mormon! The rest of them are totally and completely ridiculous. I am just afraid one of the lunatics might actually get elected. Then what?
AND ALWAYS REMEMBER:
Maybe it’s reasonable for that cap to exist. If it didn’t, everyone would go around suing the deep pocketed federal government for all it’s worth. This might not work out well for the powers that be. To prevent this form of bankrupting the government, there are financial limits to their liability. The issue being looked at in the state House of Representatives is the amount of that cap. In these situations it often seems to be absurdly low. In the case of the LNFF, the cap is $600,000. This fire caused three deaths and $11 million in damages.
Restless.
“I enjoyed your sharing of rare disco tunes and the Auntie Mame flourishes of redecorating your apartment. And of course the handsome nearly naked mens that caught your eye.”
The only sounds which I can hear are the continuing sound of a nearby radio, my soundtrack continues like I always knew that it would.
5) Over 50% done putting together clickable maps for Nobody Hikes in LA. Driving through Whittier or Irvine and want to know where to find a trail? This is for you! Note: as I write this post, all the hikes are not yet included on here since I'm not finished, although by the time you read this post they may be.
By Judie Brown
My neighborhood is a common training ground for serious, professional cyclists, as it's quite steep. They whiz past me in their tight little neon-green outfits and aerodynamic sunglasses and raise their pointer fingers approximately one centimeter in greeting, while I huff and puff and slog my head over toward them and grunt, "Hi," sounding like Marge Simpson's sister Selma, between sniffs and groans.
Sunday evening, Christy and I were heading to Target with my kids. We were potty talking away in an effort to get all the poops and farts and pee giggles over and done with. Earlier in the day, we'd enjoyed making up our own lyrics to the tune of "Twinkle, Twinkle" or the WonderPets theme song... anything to do with underwear was a favorite theme. (Underwear is under there, Underwear is what we wear, Underwear oh underwear, I love you, my underwear, etc)
It's simpler.
“He is a changed man,” said Jackson. “He has reformed his life. He has expressed deep remorse and deep regret.
An investigation into IDT by the Consumerist highlighted the background of several of the sales reps for IDT in multi-level marketing, and some similar sales tactics to those used in multi-level marketing. But IDT, as far as I could tell, paid people commission for getting people to sign up to its service and that was that.
Nifty to remain range bound between 5500 – 5300
Really....
Terrible picture, but this is how Hannah insisted on going to Dance Tuesday...all decked out with 3 necklaces, a bracelet, a ring and dangle earrings!! She was so proud as she walked into her class, like she was a beauty queen or something ;)
Hello, happy morning, and welcome to The ThINKin' Spot! Today is a very special day, indeed, because we're celebrating the birthday of the very sweet, and talented Angelica Suarez with a birthday blog hop! If you arrived here from the very creative Heather Hoffman's House Built of Cards Blog, then you are hopping along in just the right order, but if you just happened along, then head back to the beginning of this hop at Kathy's blog so that you can start from the very beginning and not miss one wonderful creation along the way! Here's the card I made to celebrate Angelica's birthday, and it will soon be on it's way to her. I know, I know... It'll be late, but better late than never. At least that seems to be the way I roll, lately.
No, that is up to the court to decide. We have taken steps to notify the court of the need to convene an inquest. So I expect the inquest to start some time within next week.
And Her Self broke into selves and became the mother-truth-table of all existence.
“The truth that many people never understand, until it is too late, is that the more you try to avoid suffering the more you suffer because smaller and more insignificant things begin to torture you in proportion to your fear of being hurt.”
Any article about the site evictions or another Gypsy-related matter prompts screeds of venomous and ignorant comments, the unbelievable flavour of which can also be seen if you follow the #dalefarm discussions on twitter. For some reason, there remains today an extreme fear of and hatred towards travelling people. This is not just the domain of right-wing governments in Italy and Eastern Europe, this is a widespread attitude of many many people in this country now.
I love cats but I have allegy to Cats. I feel really, truly sad. I can’t have cats, but I often go to “Cats Cafe” in Shimotori. It is famous for people because Kou Shibasaki, Japanese actress came in there. The spot is holy place for Fan of Kou Shibasaki or Cats lovers in Kumamoto.
Okay, Sarah B. has got another superfood obsession on her hands and she needs you to get on the bandwagon so she doesn’t seem so insane (perhaps not talking in third person would also remedy this).
On: Watch
Much of RAND’s work was always ideological, designed to support the American values of individualism and personal gratification as well as to counter Marxism, but its ideological bent was disguised in statistics and equations, which allegedly made its analyses “rational” and “scientific.” Abella writes:
Garam Masala : 1tsp
Whose warm handclasp is always yours -
the old drawer shut, thunk
Then we have to do the taxes.
This weekend, J set to work taking the Valentine apart and tinkering with it. The biggest problem was the carriage: it was clean off its rails when we got it, and it soon became clear that we would have to replace the ball bearings (7/8 inch is the right size), find the thingamabob that retained the ball bearings in the carriage, and wind on a new carriage drawband.
My name is Sunny and I am a mascaraholic. From left to right: Cover Girl Lash Blast Volume, MAC Zoom Waterfast Lash, L’Oreal Million Lashes, Max Factor False Lash Effect, and Chanel Intimitable.
But today the High Court found that iiNet had no direct technical power to prevent its customers from using the BitTorrent file sharing system to infringe copyright. "Rather, the extent of iiNet's power to prevent its customers from infringing ... copyright was limited to an indirect power to terminate its contractual relationship with its customers," the court said.
Are floating about somewhere unable to reach out to assist you,
What can I cook now that will be easy to freeze and make for easy meals once the baby arrives next month?
You are not even aware of these thoughts, consciously, and they affect your success. It can be very difficult to discover these limitations by yourself. You can, but when you are caught up in your way of doing things – you accept them as being the only way to do it.
Pepper Spray Boogie by The Compulsive Gamblers
A very memorable experience indeed.
“Loool so she didn’t tell you?” Brandon replied. “Where did you think she was half of Kaye’s rave, feeding the fucking ducks?”
Level 27: MP Cost: 60, Duration: 810 seconds, All Stats: +14%.
Kung Fu Panda Holiday Special ... ABC Family ... 11 AM
Don't you just love life's little surprises? :) Have a fantastic weekend!
Now here we are! What my mother taught me is not true. The rejection of my marriage and children by my black in-laws, and the complete destruction of our entire extended family by divorce, has helped me to turn inward to my immediate family in order to protect them. I realized at some point that I was on a mission placed before me and that I had a job to do. We have been led, I believe by God, into a new way of thinking. Since last year, we have turned 180 degrees politically, and have adopted very conservative values. We have lost all of our liberal friends in the process, but have strengthened our family in many ways. We have become religious and very concerned with the future of our country.
The pattern seemed in no hurry to change, so I asked out loud within my vision, “OK, how do I get past this?” No change. “Isn’t there a door somewhere?”
With a technology like that, which can’t offer any new functions and just replicates old ones in a different form, ease of use is key to adoption. Unfortunately, contact lenses aren’t easy to use. They’re difficult to put in and fiddly to take out. They have to be kept in saline solution overnight. You can’t pop them in and quickly take them out – it’s a time consuming process. If I decide to use my laptop, I grab it and flip it open and my screen is ready to go. If I decide to use my contact lens HUD with wireless keyboard, I have to spend five minutes in a bathroom poking around at my eyeballs. Why bother?
Administrator and technical lead for all development on the Microsoft SQL Server/BI environment including service products (SSIS, SSAS and SSRS), Performance Point, Sharepoint and Excel Services.
"American officials," Risen writes, "say the Karzais and a handful of other well-connected familieshave benefited from the billions of dollars that the United States has poured into the country since 2001. That money has helped pay the salaries of some Karzais who are government employees, kick-started real estate development and construction projects involving family members and created demand for businesses tied to the Karzais.
Behe’s book was a serious blow to Darwinism. In fact, Peter van Inwagen, Professor of Philosophy at the University of Notre Dame, stresses the importance of the book in this manner:
My LQS always has some treasures that are out-of-print, and this one is no exception. For this prize, I'm offering one yard of fabric--four fat quarters of Luna II by Maywood Studios. These luscious chocolates will make a delicious little treat, or a lovely addition to your stash!
Bob: How can people get contact you today if they have any questions or want to talk further about your comments today?
Time for a savoury dish again. It suddenly got very cold here over the weekend so out come the chilies to warm us up. First time I heard about Huevos Rancheros was on Jamie Oliver's TV show 'JAMIE'S AMERICA'. His version of this classic Mexican dish called for the eggs to be poached in the tomato chili sauce rather than top the sauce with a fried egg and this is what we incorporated in to our version as well. This recipe is great for breakfast or when you have brunch with friends as you can prepare the sauce in advance (or even make a lot and freeze some) and then just heat it up and poach your eggs. I am not a big fan of runny egg yolk so mine are usually well done but just cook them for a shorter time if you like them wobbly and runny.
(though off sides, apparently)
“Well, as I remember it, Mr. Baines was the chair of the local draft board. He was a businessman of some means and well-positioned to sway the other members’ opinions, quite the literal first among equals. Then one day he tried to use that power, much to his sorrow.”
I really do need to get this presentation finished up. It's supposed to be in the 60's today and I have a run date with my aunt this afternoon. I would like to not have to do anything this evening that has to do with school so I must get to work. Tomorrow marks the final night for this current class...and I will officially be HALFWAY DONE with my program!!!
“Something the Lab had come up with to deal with the Neos. It operates on a jamming principle, designed to short out a Neos soldier-class drone and render it immobile and helpless until we could get it secured and transported for analysis. Now–mind you–this was a prototype and fell into disuse; meaning that it never went past the primary production stage–”
Surging unemployment rates from Spain to Italy and Greece are threatening efforts to quell the region’s debt crisis and keeping bond yields close to record premiums relative to benchmark German bunds.
Beloved:
