#9 for Nelson!
I need to see so many movies.
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
Take a risk today! Cooperation is key to executing complex business tasks – but competition is at the heart of innovation.
Have you given your presentation yet? How's the conference going?
yeah my stupid ass phone cant record/play vids -___- FML!
Before you reference your information, ask yourself who is the author.
top score on putt putt mcdonalds game
I still can't get over it yet. Honestly that is going to stick with me for a few days. Its almost belief changing. :-(
so funny!!
Starting to gather assessment data on Emory's own instances of WordPress and Omeka. Surveying instructors and researchers.
I want tonight to be one of those nights I ain't qne remember #fckked up
Worried about missing the State of the Union so you can get your trivia fix? Don't. We're moving trivia to 7 so you can get your Obama on
☼ Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands. Zig Ziglar
same here might order it tonight or tomorrow cause will have to get it on brads card hehe x
The new guy at work just told me he thought I was 40. *instantly ages like the dude from Last Crusade*
omg I know! I went to bed at 3 and got up at 7 ahahaha #nosleep I know what I'm doing when I get home defiantly taking a nap!
get the name right, dumbass! OSAMA!! NOT OBAMA!!!
PA twitters go don't forget to
Good evening, Ms. Deb. My evening? Good. Did you have a good day?
RT : Don't forget that the first payment of estimated taxes is due on April 17th.
Ohh you know.. Just a little
Definitely! They're all we watch in our house, in addition to some Hulu.
Home at last!
Somebody Please send me pics of the metorshower tonight!!
umm more than likely Friday
Expecting a little coopetition when #IBM and #Microsoft Execs onstage today at 10 am ET at #ec12 should be interesting
what happened?
Bored at home -_-
I miss my Android. Damn hoodrat stole it after a month of enjoying it. Here's to you, escuela t(._.t)
LOL, just saying....
You should probably include some of our Sweet Tea Vodka in that Arnold Palmer. We won't tell on ya!
your welcome!!:)
I just am in disbelief. Matt Kemp is playing the best baseball I have ever seen. Carrying the #Dodgers on his back. So clutch.
RT : Those doubting validity of food insecurity #s are encouraged to visit food banks, volunteer, talk with families there...
Sorry, tweeps. I was hacked but *think* I have fixed it...
Who's coming to #Spectrum this weekend? Do you think it'll be a good show for business or the world's BEST temporary art museum?
Calling it night...
Hope u r feeling better. Ignore the idiots. This city is behind you!
Yes. This. (, you should start putting together testimonials!)
Minutes pass. Hours fly. Days go by slow. Weeks are fast. Years are forever.
Just agreed to play the part of a "dancing pink butterfly"
This chick always tweeting people. Like no.
My knee just went out of the socket in the middle of ballet #ow #Ew 😢
This calls for some beer, butterbear!
My tummy is hurting ;o I'm prolly hungry
Remember, stay in your own lane! If someone's blocking your success, temporarily switch lanes to past & then continue on.
#SinceWeBeingHonest I only talk to u cause my friends all mostly live outta town n the ones in town be at work & skool when I'm off.
So ready or the weekend #tired AF
After "Obama Beats Weiner," can the please run a "Boehner Pulls Out" headline tomorrow? Or is that too bipartisan for NewsCorp?
Tweet to compete. Ready to learn at
10 Miles!!! Thanks for the good luck wishes :)
Todaii is my b-day and if u follow me i will give u a follow back :D
remind me tomorrow
. #FF Thxs! That's some pretty special company.
no, social media means 2way media channel where dialogue is encouraged
If he's not willing to pursue you....
"He has more chins than a chinese phonebook" #ShitKBSays hahah
loo. I was all like :O :O when you said it tho. But I kind of screamed too...
@ gertrude, it was flashing wit
Anywayz, I'm done 4 real!! I forgot I shouldn't be discussing real shhh on twitter!!
#pot #nokettle RT : Ryan: "we all know Pres. Obama can't run on his record."
can no longer think. Brain is officially shutting off for the night :-)
I shouldn't be laughing so hard.
yep great was at and still am for 8 more weeks a discipleship training
so upset and mad at myself for not knowing no betta
that's what I did. Sold about 40 shirts and obviously more you order, cheaper discount is. Just time consuming w/ shipping
Thanks for the follow JAKE!
Mom is listening to Boyfriend for the first time. She hates it.
RT : IBM is going to do a breakout on private clouds and demonstrating how Watson uses technology to beat humans
#NameYourFavoriteRapper A lady who works at Macy's. She does a lovely job with my Christmas presents.
we will! I promise!
ase quack? :) RT Un pato (: RT : un que? RT Do you wanna buy a duck? ;D
what did she say?!!!!
"It's actually a concrete truck, not a cement truck." -another know-it-all statement to put in my back pocket, thanks to writing kids books.
We'd LOVE for you to play ! It's a unique event in a lovely part of the state. Plus, it benefits young MN musicians!
good thing u spent all that $$ on ink and not bettering your immediate future -_- #nice$management LoL
Ibarguen Miami defies corporate control. Debate constant, discover different points of view: prepare to let go!
Good morning Chicago! 70 degrees, yes!
Yo I swear these niggas ain't shyt...after what I saw I promise u I won't part mii lips && ask dat ass fa shyt else....SMH
George Hill stopping LeBron and Wade's fast break! Wow is all i have to say....
haha awesome, so I guess it does work out sometimes!! :)
Ebon youre so perfect. i love you and I will forever be a lurker<333
Did you get the TV mounted?
I. Want. California.
do you have it
RT : I haven't seen my besties in so long I'm sad I miss her.
iv never really watched it lol but its all iv seen on twitter today lol x
class in the morning babe :(. Get to sleep!
couldn't agree more.
Someone doesn't need to watch the calories.
If Aundrea Fimbres came to my house and sang Damaged I would feel so much better!
What's your favorite meal that your Mum made for you?
Loved today's LXTV Open House with Sara_Gore! Let the weekend projects begin.
Packing my bags for
heading to NYC this weekend for design retreat/meetings... then taking in Early plays Sunday
I gotta find something to wear
Patricia, thank you for the RT's!
Oddly enough, I leave a lot out of tweets here. Limited subject material. It would feel good to have a fresh start I think?
Don't forget about Mail Monday this week! Send an email to
whoa, are you working the show tonight?
Ha! I am watching ur show on Food Network right now ;) RT : On the way to LA... I feel like I live in airports these days!
Started new #FridayListens - AMONG THE MISSING by Morag Joss, off to a very promising start.
yeah man, real pumped. saw you had a show with my dudes the love experiment! we gotta build soon, what you been up to?
dang ive been meaning to see that for awhile now.
hi :) I just wanted ask if you can give me an advice on how to be a better dancer :) ? Please RT thanks :D
Good luck tomorrow best they evvaa have love ya babay!!
Can anyone tell me their favorite Ipad twitter ap? Ones I have seen dont have all the full functions.
Going to get sam then go to School in 8minutes. :/
Which way did you get it? Heartbeat from the big wheel or backdoor?
that's the only time I didn't like him. He had them space shoes too.
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent. - Buddha
lol yea yea
Giving a presentation to undergraduates about things I wish I learned in college as a designer and the scary job process. Any suggestions?
In the past hour i cleaned the kitchen, sweept, and mopped the house
Just filmed a segment with Mr. Henry Reif for Fox 45. Segment will air tonight on the 10 pm news.
Did you know, . was created to help all #shopsmall businesses in every community where you #shoplocal?
Pau Gasol can only rebound one side of the court per game.
Don't miss the tropical conservatory at Garfield Park just south of downtown #Indy if you're here for the
you only want what you can't have...
sounds good to me.
Giving turns your customers into your best marketers.
Burr! It's cold out side.
goin out for the day!(:
true, especially when it comes to baseball coverage by the media. And I ALWAYS feel better when football is off the table.
I know. Seriously
Yes. Like so many other things in writing a novel. :)
To honor Zayn's return to US tour I'm giving away MY autographed lanyard! Will tweet a SECRET link in next 24 hrs!
aha;)he does:)
ghost i tell u
Big Big Big Big Big BOOTY BITCH !!!!
Ppl...why do ppl who stay wit you and don't pay a dime in rent...always have shit to say....
You want a job on planet Earth? And all this time I thought you were here.
A bunch from leaving on Tuesday to do 150 miles of the Camino de Santiago. My heroes!
Gratitude ditto. :) May your Monday be better.
The Heat seem so much bigger than all the rest.
OMG CREEPY!
love you to!! <3
aww man in in Orlando! I'm coming to Dallas soon
Thanks Fellas! We will definitely be representing the SJ music scene!
Well, of everyone below average, I'm definitely in the top half
I'm heading home. Pretty tired...
shit filling out this paperwork for disability
Reviews by and for parents/families who have children with #specialneeds and those living w/SN - ONLY at www.knowledgesafari.com!
Gimme a girl to look up at the stars with me and then I will be happy.
do we hae practice today??
it never fails
yep and then somelol
Weeks can't snag the liner, and Hart was guarding the line, so Stubbs scores from first on what should've been a single.
Wow, Good morning!
she is..
False alarm. Show tonight cancelled.
Had such a god night =) I need more nights like that!! Love you ArielBeezy & our krew out in Tempe, the Condo was Amazing!!!
Don't Stop Me Now - Queen
Some folks are commenting about Tiger's mom's demeanor during his televised statement.
much good without a wick!!! I was in this in high school…crossing my fingers I get to see the revival :)
You have to say that. LOL
I've signed up for EVERY freebie with the vendors at iasl. I oughta win something!
: Please back online #poker. Licensed U.S.-based horse race wagering sites show sites can be regulated & age verified.
Don't make time for someone who won't make time for you.
Malik punk ass got that "thinking bout You" song in my head!
Excuse me, cleveland away; Baltimore at home Week 2 RT : Birds open at home vs Cleveland 9/9
Dude, your bag is huge and there is no way it is going to fit in the overhead compartment.
This is how I feel about you sometimes, Anita! I hope you realize how special your friendship means to me. xoxo :)
you got it!
I see the carefully-tended roots of the Mittleremensch, the Average Men, watered by science and math, statistocrats specialized to dust.
Got a win with my pre k group went 0 n 3 n pool play but won 1st bracket game
So true. RT : "Design for kids and you'll engage adults too."
I hear christian makes up a lot of jokes
I told u I would
An eclipse of the sun- japan inundated with tsunami.
Billy Joel wouldn't be so goddamn broke if he was man enough to tell that asshole to put cash in the jar instead of all that fucking bread.
i remember this dude from way back at Mount Comfort
Stick with me, Jerry.
Off to #SHEAR2011 in Philadelphia. Come to the President's Plenary Session at 5:15 pm!
Movies All Night ?<3 I Think So , I Got No Life :/
Started w/ a new company 3 weeks ago. This vacation is either a very good thing, or the jury's still out. First cut's the deepest?
ill be back next weekend. 97 marlins are one of my fav teams ever
I still get butterflies in my stomach whenever I hang out with you.
Can't wait for Anchorman 2!
Just given jar of - fabulous #MadeinMaryland skin care product
Happy National Teacher's Day! A thoughtful thank you to all the educators working so hard to make a difference with each & every child.
I miss your tweet
At the UN Monday, Quincy Jones read from a US Agency letter about the state of Jazz written in 1943. Anyone know what that document was?
Were going to chase you down for a quick session next time!
But yeah ima need the homie "Smooth Sailing" Chopped & Screwed
Y I NO WAT?
thank you kasey!
So they take a guy who can't stay on the field in passing downs? RT : New #Packers DT Jerel Worthy is a perfect fit:...
My character's name in Skyrim is Me So Horny....For Justice!
thanks for watching! So happy to hear that the videos help.
tweet! It was fun seeing you guys! Let me know when ur in town again ;)
download eAudiobooks free via Atlanta Public Library or DeKalb Public Library systems
Everybody’s at war with different things…I’m at war with my own heart sometimes
Wish I had madden '12.
Thanks for the retweet sweetie :)
agreed, bad idea. I say a combo of Kohl and the Potawatomi Tribe build it (or maybe NML). thanks for the follow too
oh, yeah. meant to ask if you'd converted your desk?
For example, combining health & environment sensors, can correlate asthmatic symptoms with air pollutant measures.
What did u guys think of #Wrestlemania28 ?
Another happy customer! Thanks to Jake from Wake the Wounded for the nice feedback!
It is beyond offensive-- it's actually hurting people and they don't know it. Wish people would stop. It's unnecessary.
can we frame and hang the ones you have first?
Build files work so much better if MySQL Server is already running when you get to the part that inserts data into the database. Sigh.
I knew it, today is my lucky day
Aw Good Morning !
Now I'm kinda excited about the commencement ceremony this Sunday.
um of course!
Come home from work go straight to your room
RT : Nine #Brewers games at Miller Park in nine days! How many games will you attend?! I'll be at all nine.
How come no mention of Philbin not being there all week?
It was the most disgusting thing to pop into my head in a long time. Sorry for sharing!
Live tonight we're are Music Millenniumm..with the Rolling Tones...that's right the Rolling Tones. Watch and you'll see.
I am aware of their suckage
Trazzler buzz, my ass.
Better Call Saul
THanks for the follow, Travis - link isn't working tho!
Just witnessed the worst comeback of all time...
I Am Not A
RT : Activity without planning is a great reason for failure in life.
I want to interview and so bad that it physically pains me to know that I haven't.
Hi! The easy breather was easy for me to tell improvement. Difficult to measure this one. Will use it umpiring tonight. (1/2)
AMS student Matt Pittenger just booked a role in the production of "Caught" at the Zephyr Theater on Melrose. Congrats, Matt!
in NY? What is he seeing?
Heading to office late Sunday afternoon. #tshirtstoprint & #cdstomake. #goodproblem to have. Thankful for all the CD/DVD & t-shirt printing
Seal Team 6 rocks! Congrats on a mission well done...but definitely not over!
always.. I want a baby at least once a week
I'm going to be fat if John keeps on taking me out to eat!Ah!
The JPA 5K is on August 18th in Grant Park!!! Help prevent and treat child abuse by attending this great event! Visit www.juvenile.org.
I know right.
Grand Slam in the making!!! Cano!!!
My friend is 4 followers away from 2,000, please help her out by following her, she will follow you back!:)
Not gone fishn saturday but going sunday
Fears lose their power when you hold them up to the light of your consciousness. ~ Sanaya Roman & Duane Packer
.: If media owners want profit, should cover #occupysd. Top-read stories on
Thanks. That's what I suspect. Trainers think "They won't listen until they know who I am."
Chapter complete. Biographic info sent. Books on the shelf (in Japan) mid-March.
Be yourself (unless yourself sucks)
What question would you like to ask the #Tarot? Bring it to www.shindigtarot.com and find a perfect reader for your question!
yeah I noticed that. A little weird.
The TBS announcers keep saying a potential game 5's start time is TBA. Is this true?
Have you been watching the show all along? I watched the pilot and am trying to decide if it is worth catching up on.
Who would you like to see us go on tour with?!
Tired of lines yet? Performances of DR HORRIBLE-LIVE @ 6pm and 10pm Tonight! Sign up for $20 Standby tickets!
Match.com here I come! Pathetic I kno but gotta get out there sometime, why sit around n wait?
Wahoo! Can't wait to see you there you gorgeous geek you! xoxox!
I love a good disaster training meeting, it makes me feel like shouting "Bring it on!"....hoping I didn't just tempt fate.
Wrestlemania comeback in the works for Lesnar.
#occupysd protester (who says he is vet and fed employee) broke into meeting, tells journos to spin coverage for movement.
a "total recall" remake? tight
Has anyone tried yet? Eager to hear reports!
lol. Well, again, congrats. Alternative medicine or not, 90+ pounds lost is awesome!
Tell us, what song should DC jam to?!
It so hard to change ur profile pic on an ipad
I have such a big heart, and so much love to give - yet I have no one to give it to.
Just watched 5 people get on & then immediately off the treadmill next to mine. Either it's broken or...
Too bad the Red Bull Air Races are on hiatus. They'd be a great fit for Speed Network and HD.
you live for this, don't you?
Snow ball:)
Bahaha u wish
kooky kooky lend me ur comb!
that was a good part. I rewatched that several times.
Saints and Niners bringing it down to the wire!
I have a question regarding the premiere. it's really important would I ask on here or is there someone I can email?
Drum roll.......and the winner of the 5 free entries to the Bedlam Mud Run is..........Selena Thomas!!!!!
Neifi Perez because I am being completely sarcastic.
I took into account that they don't leave Clay that often. I don't count anything destroyed in the house.
My initial msg was a thought about the state of other teams in the league. Not a dig on any team in particular.
Nigga I worked for everything I got
If youre having a bad day, just slip into your favorite leather dress and go out. Instant, temporary cure. Lol.
Okay....ready to go home now...we've been at the mall for 6 hrs
Gives hour long intro to rewrite of Pound's In the Station of the Metro.
UGH.. No wonder ur sub par. Ozzie, please send this guy down since he thinks there is something up above.
Roses are red, my phone is dead. Nobody calls me, forever alone
Spent the day cruisin on my skateboard and listenin to the Beasties. The impact they had on me and countless others is immense.
yes! That's why, he's so sweet :)
I can put in a 5 hour shift at the library and still look like a huge pussy compared to
Italian ambulance w/ lights & sirens sped by To Rome With Love set; slammed on its brakes, backed up; crew got out and took pics w/ actors.
"I close my eyes but I can see questions circling. How do I realize the dreams you sparked in me?"
My partner is my wonderful husband... been married 29½ years. :) He loves it when I cook
Spurs all about "we" not "me"
Anyone know how the snow is these days at Whistler?
OMG, the women coming into the Marina Del Rey Starbucks are AWEsome. You'd think there was a model convention nearby.
I'd never let you go
RT if you love this guy that lived in San Antonio, TX, but now lives in Miami, FL.<3
Why don't people "get" that closing loopholes will generate more revenue... just like raising taxes?
“: Wicked spot for those Do-Over parties!" stay tuned for the next one!
How long is the gestation period of a Jessica Simpson? I just assumed it was the same as a warthog.
Celtics coach also admits they should've fouled Philly earlier than 14.4 seconds.
Rest in peace Adam "MCA" Yauch. You'll be greatly missed! Thank you for all of the great memories and great music.
:) I'm doing all right, trying to keep busy and waiting for softball to start! how bout yourself?
WHAT ARE YOU ON.
good job Matt ! Great listen
To that end, I want the time-stopping power of the half-alien girl from late 80s masterpiece Out of This World.
I'm obsessed with Miranda Lambert's new album. Baggage claim is awesome! :-)
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
Relationships are about give and give, not give and take. You know you are with the right person, when they give as much as you.
<3 Live everyday like it's your last <3
You are welcome--thanks for YOUR support!!
I'm gonna miss you guys :( be safe heading home!
But im having fun at senior night :-) :-)
wow a Patron shot even. Yep yep them our Lakers. Yeow! Kobe Rules!
ill just take your word for it that they're all crazy.. which i suppose just supports what i already think anyway…..
You love me but you don't know who I am, so just let me go...
alright bro tonight first night of radio school for me.
Drug dumpoff, gun buyback
Let's get this Monday over with
Follow me so I can inbox you.
But first I need to get through this ^%&^* semester :)
SHOUTOUT PLEASE LOVE YOU
RT this if you feel like spending all day in bed...and also if you feel like drinking more whiskey later tonight!
fuckin cunts blew the game. now hope needs to blow me.. hahhaha
“: Loved the story ...lol Loved the "robbing the craddle" line. Should the police be notified???” right?!?!
Mr.Magoo made my Mother's Day official by puking on me in the car...-_-
makes me so happy that twitter didnt exist in the 90`s.Made it harder for rappers to make a fool of themselves back then.
We met at D's office on Park last week, regarding the tv series, would love to talk you about broadcast schtuff I mentioned
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!!
I love all the movies you play in and I Love You!!
Rip out the wings of a butterfly by him is one good fucking song!
This episode feels like #MadMen had a baby with The Office (U.K.)
Can't wait to see your pics! I absolutely LOVE alpacas! :)
Twitter, please tell me where I want to move/work. I am at a loss.
Starting the Long Island wine tour with Pindar. I know I'm spoiled by living in CA, but let's give this a try!
Boo come back to Indy
I guess my dog think im in the bed too early. he got too much energy.
thanks! Ill check it out!!!
I can't take all this studying anymore. 3 more fucken days!!
Coming up soon! NS Live with Richard Reed Parry (of ), , on Wed. 2/8, 7:30PM at
Autopia at night is the best.. Even though I cant drive and the cars keep dying :P
fuck u im doin jus fine without u now u c u made a big mistake so save it im moving on
It's been a long dayy,
what up
I'm at Ihop right now.. so after I leave, I'm ready whenever !!
I can't right now. I hate seeing Austin upset.
Only an hour left of Prodigy's birthday where I'm at..
give me five dollars.
Messed around and stepped on my sunglasses...broke them...just copped a new pair...
I am friends w/couple in AZ trying to adopt a baby & having no luck. A baby would be blessed to have them for parents Plz pray for them.
Football season is almost upon us. Crystal Clear Pools supports the longhorns to victory this season
just saw on cnn that arnold and maria are splitting up. weird and sad.
It's not #FF but please check out our friend and please #follow!
Goin for a run at midnight.. Hope I don't get shot👊
Excited for the walk tomorrow in San Diego. We raised $350, so grateful for generous friends and family! Hope it doesn't rain.
Follow for a DM...... can help a little with
These are some very good headphones
Dinner date with at white castle haha #truelove ❤
love the bracket - Omaha would welcome Mizzou and KU as 1's (wisconsin as an 8 a bonus for me) - Creighton a 4 in Nashville
When and sing to me<<<
How was everyone's Christmas?!! We are open regular hours today! Come by and keep the holiday cheer flowing!
Want to win a solo ride w/ ? Enter the Ride with Lance Sweepstakes today at www.facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance!
Yeah thanks, rub it in. RT and now oakland tied the game? YAY.
CGQ. University Park Golf Club. Urban Room. 7pm.
the classic megamans are the best do not go wrong brother
Did you know #foodallergy can be deadly?Epinephrine is a LIFE SAVING medication! I carry two epi-pens at ALL times for my
what makes a cupcake "thoughtful"?? ;)
Good morning, everyone!
like legit I would if I could
Mac Race! (via )
When will you both be in The Bean? And where are we having dinner?
Thrilled to be cast in the next mainstage production at , "The Magic Bullet Theory" playing a Texan government spook.
Ah I hate spiders!
please follow me♡♡ I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 97
yes. A taste of their own medicine. ;-)
This should be good... How is everything?
Make that face to the teacher that turned his back.... yep your cool _-_
Pretty sure Rose from Titanic makes me wanna throw up
Tierney Fairchild on #turnaround: We have got to talk about race and poverty. #edleaders at SREB Leadership Forum.
refurb/academic discount/5 finger discount
Please don't let this be an end to another good frriendship. :/
do the stanky leg
Open today from Noon-8p. Stop by to check out Project Einstein featuring the work of Burmese refugee high school students in the city.
I really need to sleep, But i wont since I have another life called Tumblr cx
In Wisconsin we are scheduled to have 80's in southern part of the state and a frost advisory in the north. Come visit! We have everything!
HI I JIST SAW THIS TWEET. Stop reading my effing mind, I'm wearing a dress tomorrow too! So we're taking pictures k bye 💗
I Missed You.! Did You Get A New Device.?
about to go air on Power 92.3, interview w Beyonce Foxx just after 7pm....tune in Chitown!
CORRECTION: #Arsenal best team in all of London.
hahaha oh my gosh too funny!!!
I guess this'll be a good test for the anxiety meds I'm on...
Going out to dinner with the little brother. Proud sister :'). We are having some bonding time together.
People do not deserve good writing, they are so pleased with bad. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
#InCollege Thursday equals to Friday. yeah huh!
lol they're rad dudes i hope you win!!
Is the blonde chick for big bang theory smart?
My friend Zach Fleury says if you're a hipster in Seattle you tweet, instagram, and wear skinny jeans...interesting formula
Go follow my new music page . Working really hard on new material for you guys to hear.
That text I just got :) made my whole day >>>>>>
Looking forward to chatting with the folks at today. What a treat!
Stop acting as if life is a rehearsal. Live this day as if it were your last. The past is over and gone. The future is not guaranteed
No guarantees at any point in life.
The Holy Bible states "Judge not lest ye be Judged"
I feel like dying
#sm Tip: Wrap brand message w/ interesting content to form a long term relationship
Me either. I think the Cards are going to succeed in the post season again too this year.
i am to please :)
yeah safe house looks good to - this star wars ish is ridiculous line around the block
or more like they take us for a walk! lol
Bears goin to the super bowl
well, welcome! I'm excited to read your tweets knowing what a good writer you are! :)
One Direction Singing My Life Would Suck Without You.♥
No one has any excuse: Andrew Haigh's WEEKEND is on Netflix Instant! WATCH IT unless you want to see Cuntessa Aubergine (aka me) yell!
Doing taxes. Blech.
No dessert. I am in training for a raft trip.
Working on news story & need Bodymedia users in Pittsburgh who R running the marathon, ½ or relay. Contact us as
VERY well said!
I love that show, too! I watch it every week with my gram.
lol yeah finally
idk.u wanna go outskies and paint the town and by that i mean act like weirdos in a public place???
I hate when I have those random deep thoughts like what do I wanna become when I'm older
*Waves back* Hello.
She ant me
RT : Portland City Hall locking its doors as march heads that way
“: It’s easier to lie to me than to yourself”
it's about 3:35 here on the west coast haha and thank you! You too
Tomorrow is going to be a coffee 24/7 study at Barnes and Noble kind of day.
It's 2:30 on Tuesday afternoon, what's your #energy boost "go to" in the middle of the day?
7d on the way
like reptiles.
forgot about Halloween socks yesterday (was wearing sandals), so I'm wearing them today
Happy Sunday all. Boot camp starts again today.... Yikes!!!
Hey gorgeous lady, where you planning on attending Miss USA in vegas jun 3rd at all? I am dieing to go!! <3
hell yeah bro.. I'm anxious
Unruly 3.5 year old+being late=ugly Mommy.
follow my hubby team follow back 2012 aint over its just the beginning
You know what I'd like to see? RDA training that isn't presented as a compare/contrast with aacr2. Bring in new metadata specialists!
Less than 31 Days to the Amazing Milwaukee Race #3!
got a site for you to watch football on
Aw man you like her. She was a lil flakey to me. Hooked up w Amy in the shower then turned around to fight her.
I need a workout partner...seriously!
Even thought I've never been to Bora Bora
it's different then my pc but software I use is the same plus I got iPad iPhone iPod touch .... So I'll manage.
Separate thought: How can doughnut and donut both be correct?
: wat would u like to eat n watch wat movie
imma kid what about you
Thank you for #FF !!
Lol She is in a better mood now(:
Thank you nielsen for the two bux. I spent it on beer, and no... I won't send you your quiz or whatever this thing is.
Haha just txt me
If only.
36k at first break from 20k starting stack in MGM 1600 main.
when you get a moment, DM me where to resend press kit for interview. Love you much!
Just landed in LA for the week for work.. Already saw Far East Movement
Home waiting for my baby!!! ❤
i have JB as A Friend on skype
Happy to report that I successfully defended my dissertation yesterday. Thanks to many of you for the encouragement & friendship
well watch that shit.. thats crazy.. it's sad
Indie Excellence Awards Accepting Submissions! Books with publication dates of 2009, 2010, 2011 and 2012 are eligible.
I'm tired
FYI, this not the BIGGEST comeback in NBA history. It's Game 1 of the 1st round. Sat down Craig Sager.
Yea.. I get off in a hr.. Bout to be on that same shit!!!💰
Thurminator, you talk to Mario Williams at all this week? or did Jimbo hog him?
Those were definitely some parties. Very intimate vibe. We're only moving forward - and hope you're along for the ride!
« let yo next move be yo best move»
If you haven't left for work yet....you're late. What a mess out there!!!!
It's a 300 yr-old burial ground. Strangely beautiful, really. You'll have to come visit!
Did you take the time to close your eyes and place your lips to mine?♥
I'm not Jake T. Austin.
Let's keep the peace Oakland.
Yaaaaay-uh (easy to say, hard to write). Trying hard to focus on work, yet find myself shopping a bit this afternoon.
As far as I can tell she doesn't seem to like ANY pasta. There must have been a mixup at the hospital.
Not a problem, it's what we're here for. ;-)
Are you celebrating a March Birthday? If so stop by the Front Desk for a Yummy Surprise!
Why is ain't tweeting much?
sent u a dm hopefully. New cell is acting weird.
RT : Kudos to & , which just scored a cache of well-deserved
Proof that TK is a closet NOW fan
no, no, no... Another weapon for Aaron Rodgers!! Dd is gettin old,Welker fills the void!!
I'm in love with Kerry Washington.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
you still in Chicago?
Q. What do you call a witch who lives at the beach? A. A sand-witch.
These chicks crazy
It's really hard to drunk text when you can't see
i like my girls head south and they ass north----> #Cking*
Anyone else think they gave Syracuse the hardest division? Osu, fsu, k state, cincy? Looks pretty hard to me.
Its bad when one manager asks another a question and the response is " you'll get a better answer from him. Not her" & her is a mgr he isn't
anything going on tonight?
thnkin about rippin one in car on the way to work. probably not a good idea. i might get left in dripping springs
On a train, and learning etiquette :)
I can't wait for the heat vs Thunder rematch in the
Think of a number between 0 and 20 Add 32 to it. Multiply by 2. Subtract 1. Now close your eyes. It's dark isn't it?
the jones drew, and the birthday forte
Gathering items for the bake sale!!!
I see her when I want call that viewers choice
can't wait to meet you!
Just found a hacky sack in my closet. Made my fuckin day lmao
Dump her on her head, bro.....
And I'm just a toy to you.
Not gonna lie I'm lovin this rental ford focus hatchback
In Carlton bldg. Student: Do you know where Duke 108 is? Wanted to say: In the Duke building. Didn't.
I'm not a hipster, I'm saved.
I think it's gross when celebrities do commercials for fast food restaurants. Do you really need the scratch?
what brings that up?
It was good. I think most comedians can act in drama very well. I just rarely want to see it. :)
Wow I'm Gen X and I am not alone! Phew.
12:30AM - Two day to put togher a scope doc for a data warehouse system. this is crazy. Need to sleep!!!!
new One Direction album out today... EEK! or eh?
I gorged on google earth last night. #embraceyourinnergeek ()
good going chicka , only 4 more parts to go! Maybe do lunch or coffee before ur first pool training session. lemme know
BONESAW IS READY
But I was (possibly the only person) excited about an Irving/Davis backcourt for stretches!!
Hate to get flogged out !
Looking for solid drummer, keyboardist/pianist & bassist with professional equipment. Ability to sing is a plus! Contact me for more info!
thx….will look at more tonight.
he's closer to me! How far is he from you?! Hahaha
how you feeling man?
Mega-Shark vs. Crocosaurus
Pretty sure I just searched out, stole and ate All of the chocolate in the boys Halloween stash.
everyone does it, but it's exceedingly optimistic to believe it does anything.
Bianchi is on base. Looking forward to this.
second that, jealous!“: Jealous!! RT : I'm at The Orbit Room for Mayday Parade, We the Kings and The Downtown Fiction.."
Word to you momma!
That awk moment when you customize your best friends tumblr and she get like 350 follower and i do mine and i have 147 follows..
homie you can have her cus i dont really want her.
Thank you for your sacrifice. Now the rest of us don't have to lose brain cells.
Single doesn’t have to mean lonely. Single simply means ‘I’m resting my heart until it’s ready to love again’.”
You know what's hard to show visually? Multimedia/film. I am out of ideas.
It's going to take me multiple races to work off all of the good food at
omg wat color ????
Nonsense. He's the son of Coul. Everyone knows that! ;)
Project Porsche 924 Turbo gets tested
Yay! Tomorrow night should be good. I haven't seen everyone for a while.
found on walls in the pyramids???...an image from [a] tomb complex that showed acrobalance, tumblers, toss juggling and stick manipulation.
Three eleven year olds covering 311.
haha oh whateverr, & we need to talk? dm me.
As we celebrate his 101st birthday, we must continue President Reagan’s legacy and strive to become that ‘shining city on the hill’.
When you really matter to someone, that person will always make time for you. No excuses. No lies. No broken promises.
I just said it b/c it rhymed.. But I still want it though.
first barton springs experience--glorious!
to be continued come march hopefully. you will be missed on the cruise
Thank you Erin. Yes - stopped by this week for dinner - always outstanding. They have a BBQ Saturday 4/28.
good! super busy, lots of <333 coming soon!
I'll win this race one day
Where do you live at in Ohio?
And I've rewritten the introduction yet again! Fourth time is hopefully the charm.
yea. I'm aware. Lololol
m good!
I am working with one my teens on her reel copy. It is very intense!! It is going to be good!!!
Friday After Next >>>> After you hit that lil boy with that retarded lil walk lmbo
On the train home to Philly. Excellent #PCCOpCo12 but my brain is tired. Thank you Evan, Kat & sweet little Pickle for being amazing hosts!
We are excited to donate a piece to Rossmore Polo Cup presented by benefiting !
Bout' to go hit the babershop nd get cleaned up wit the bro'
Can't stop Emeri Pink #Moscato! Now available in Decatur, IL. Hit up Price Rite for a bottle or 3!
i bet it was the porno mag line. But sixth grade? Yer old, dude.
So…….The cowboys won the superbow already?
Being an ugly woman is like being a man: you're gonna have to work.
Thanks! It's good to be here! Be in touch with us some time.
can you help get to notice me?? And you ????
Cool! Can you turn up the live stream volume?
If you fuckin give my nigga some..
has produced such a boring stir-fry. How could this happen? There is general despair.
I'm on it.
loved it last night - thanks gals!
I want to be in Edgar Wright's "Ant-Man." Can anyone help with that?
US Coast Guard Issues Shark Warning along the North East!
Love making people smile! If you had a smile button, you'd get tired of me pushing it. ;) Hope tonight finds you well!
Specials for Mommies!!!! Hair & Manicures!! Call for Details!!!
Ha! Indeed. RT : I love Mad Men like everybody else, but... Rory Gilmore is no Lady Lazarus.
I think Davidson is a tough matchup because they can shoot the 3 against that zone.
Injuries to a bunch of important people in front of him resulted in horrible team defense.
Adrenaline crash. I can't decide whether I want to pass out or scream.
How could an inbound marketing approach change your business? Share your thoughts and experiences with us!
And joe..I think I will call u..tom!!
Thanks Santa
“: Kief is like adding sprinkles on a cake. It's not needed, but it makes it better”
youre one of my favorite singers! Come to Tucson AZ!
i have those shoes! :D
great app. Thanks for mentioning it
Silly rabbit tricks is a girls best friend
Thank you:)
He wants the whole world watching so it will be close until middle of fourth then the Lakers will get every call in the world
Thank you Baton Rouge! Next stop Montreal.
what do I need to do in life to become a philanthropist?
I can already feel the pain of having to wake up in 6 hours.... Ugh
You know it!
I balance out my life better by not giving a fuck.
Yeah....I couldn't believe what happened to Atlanta either.
I know, but you'll have fun without me.
Fast Facts: The 13th step of the state capital building in Denver is exactly 1 mile high above sea level.
impressive RT : Twitter provides targeted messaging opportunities via different handles. Dell has, perhaps, 100 or more.
Awww, thanks! Happy Birthday 2U! Happy Birthday 2U! Happy Birthday Team #Taurus, Happy Birthday 2U!
Fantasy dressing up for live-action roleplay games - BBC News
Zionsville is packed
And whoever sustains a single life, the Scriptures considers it as if he had sustained an entire world.” Mishnah Sanhedrin 4.5
I am struck derpy--er--dumb--er--I can't speak or think anymore after reading that.
Great, glad to have you!
the tortilla thing really freaked me out at first, but then i just laughed.
I take it your a cancer and u think your sexy?
We are committed to providing not just the very best in homecare services but a service you can trust implicitly & with complete confidence
All that petty money can be saved and going towards something big! Think before you spend! DONT GO BROKE TRYING TO LOOK RICH, ACT YOUR WAGE!
Good for not giving a fuck .
%1 milk where it's at!
Surprised!!! Rams not taking a linemen?
I just did a show in downtown LA. It was an office covered in clown based attire. I've still done weirder shows. But this one was odd.
i voted for you :) <3
have you looked at my avatar's teeth?
did u get any of my texts?
next week, dates got pushed back
P.S. Whichever one of y'all did the tweet about Wednesday practice/Kim's marriage, serious props
Thanks ! Great tool.
KOBE WOULD PUNCH LEBRONE CLEAN OFF IN HISS SHIT.
Reagan appointee showing disrespect to the Pres!
Chargers D about to ruin the progress the offense has made.
what do you do for work?
Welcome back!
Graduation Speech: "I'd like to thank Google,Wikipedia, and Copy & Paste"
just own it
I think he has terets or some.. chill brahh , lol :)
Okay, the 5 o'clock news is over. You can now watch the 2nd half of Cliffhanger on pdxtv.
I'm doing pre-construction photos in Indy today for Bradshaw Construction.
“: Thanks for the RT.” ~ Absolutely...glad you made the Daily:)
Half way exiled, my life has been a melancholic slow (sometimes fast) silent movie.
Have an extra ISTE reservation if anyone needs one- canceling tomorrow-
#imdone hurting myself n #imdone letting you hurt me # straightlikethat
Done! When will you come to The Folger?
$12 Ticket for the Russian River Tasting on guarantees the holder: one 8oz each of Younger, Elder, Damnation & Choice of Sour.
John Huntsman, absolutely unqualified America, www.bruzzesiforpres.com
: and why are you saying all of this now my other username you didn't say anything and it's basically the same thing
I followed, but don't see it ending well
went on a gnat killing spree with
at #OccupyLA demonstration, where hundreds are gathered in support of Wall St. protests
Black Veil Brides guitar riffs are absolutely awesome!
Thanks for sharing the helpful thoughts this week at #ideation12! Looking forward to picking up "Twitter for Good".
I keep getting the hiccups and every time I get up to get a drink of water they go away. I wish my body would stop playing tricks on me...
What are you doing in Syracuse Monday?!? Of course you can see me:)
yes!!! They can win this game!
I'm hungry what should I eat
whats good this week? Chubbys Cheese Steaks has a gyro and fries for just $5.99!
this is just the beginning...
Welcome to all of out new AU Ambassadors! We are excited to have you in the program! #New Ambassadors; #American University
Just initiated our new favorite post tag, "bigger than Rhode Island" - look for it on our next post.
Stargate interviewer is which is awesome in itself. Yay
- the "shortcomings" of course being that they will both be term limited out of a job.
I have the fcken worst PE teacher ever!
I actually haven't gotten to start on it yet, but I hopefully will soon!
To all of the 1 in 6 men who were under the age of 17 when they were sexually abused: you are not alone, & your voice WILL be heard
Happy First Day of Spring and Vernal Equinox! Time to watch those flowers grow!
just because your girlfriend broke up with you cause all you do is sit around all day, doesn't mean you can disrespect her belongings.
Well yesterday was ight but I'm more pumped bout redneck fest this weekend it's gunna deff. be a wild weekend
On our way to mt. Charleston to do a photoshoot :) new stuff soon everyone!!
Scary, yes. But still . . . yay for accountability!
Entitlements? Do we do away with social security and other programs that protect people who've been shut out with no chance to compete?
A6: It creates an opportunity for equipment manufacturers to really start pushing safety features.
I have met Vic. He was on my podcast :)
any idea when more details are coming?
I need that mixtape on the site bro..
RT Don't forget that carryout!! Like a prayer it will take you there...actually you would need to pick it up
Im about to go home caue im about to cry
have a great game tonight with the rest of your team! Denise and I will be cheering for ya!
I absolutely hate couples who kiss each other every f-ing ten seconds. Seriously I'm here to watch the f-ing game.
lol thank you :)
Looking 4 someone 2 set up a webcam & website to watch Swans sit on a nest & take care of their babies, Michigan. I do marketing 50/50. 5212
Thank you for replying to fans and ordinary people! Means a lot to have a little conversation
What's up world the sky ain't the limit!
tomorrow we will be Green Flash Brewing Co. from 1 to 6 with our amazing BBQ SHORT RIBS LASAGNA!!!
“It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.” Proverb
Ur just a homo... no sapien loll
Haha exactly. The kid deserves a shot, but he's not getting it. I want him to start more so bad.
not yet, but it takes a while. Working full time and trying to launch a business is very hard. I'm just moving forward ...
Why am I voting for Barack? Because if its not #Barack, don't fix it.
This -> RT : You HAVE TO FOLLOW Very humorous, enjoyable and clever guy. Great talk, very entertaining.
Omg titanic in 3D with the best cousin!!!:) <3
You Home Yet ?
Why am I just now LOVING A Day To Remember?!
Check our timeline, we had frequent updates, but Carroll won 1-0.
NATIONWIDE BULK REO PACKAGES AVAILABLE WE SPECIALIZE IN SELLING BULK REO PACKAGES AND NON-PERFORMING NOTES.
Anyways my moms gonna let me drive with her. So ima be a reckless bitch now lolbye
#nw Laugh At My Pain
I'm in twitter and I want to share this tweet specifically to Linkedin without opening the hoots.
A-Town Veteran by the #author #ColeHart is taking in some great reviews on #Amazon. Check it out today and leave your review.
First bike to work of year.
check out them cowboys! Heeehaaw!
isn't he amazing!? and yea I do too!! <3
But I heard its a new trend
Great news! I was bummed to see Chicago filled. Will have to sign up!
Are you playing tonight? How many runners so far?
wedge should get ejected now for yelling at Millwood for pitching BP
never had it
Have to keep the paint off the keyboard but I will twitter when I can.
Thanks ! Shout outs right back to you!
Just turned in final draft of my book, "Interactive Visualization: Insight through inquiry" to MIT Press. Thanks to you all who reviewed it!
Check out our executive chef ZACHARY ROSEN on fox 6 wakeup this morning!
We posted the last holiday sketch for our free Christmas album. Happy! getbettershow.com
DNOW is over. #sad Opportunity to put ransomed into practice.
All body butter is 3 for $30 at A free body butter tin makes this the perfect gift!
too bad suspension isn't based on his "body of work". Should be lifetime ban.
" No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit. ~ Andrew Carnegie”
It's all about you isn't it?
Sometimes life leads you down a different road... when you’re holding on to someone that you gotta let go.
Ohh my gawd, for real for real I have never been more upset at Ru in my whole life. I am dying to see who won!!
I effin hate u
I agree w u 100%. Maybe not my fave art, but I respect her intent & integrity. Most crit 2day is dull descrip - this caught my eye.
You are my idol! I will always be a Mahomie, I give you my Love & Support. #YEE,,, Follow Me^-^
With & Byanka. (: Gonna be a fun night.
Starving. Must get to Pita Pit with great rapidity.
If i get n a relationship, n im bring n da bacon, shid u atleast can scrambles some eggs fo a nigga a relationship should be 100/100
I also want to thank everyone for taking the time to review my product.
Not sure what you mean.
I really hope decided to come with... i don't like taveling with out my sister! I'm not sure when ill grow up!
ya 7aram i know when i knew about thati bumped into the glass door at home haha!!
So dont trash LeBron, haters - RT : Since 07 playoffs--Kobe is 0-7 in game winning or game tying shots w under 10 seconds left.
RT ": Thank you, Mr. President, for standing up for equality. Yours Truly, Pee-wee Herman-Clooney."
#PCA steve is like a nerdy funny
#hotincleveland mixtape hosted by ohio artists email your music let's make this a tribute to the city we love C.L.E July forth
After the eighth inning, my beer becomes liquid gold.
Inspired by Iconic Buddhist Auspicious Symbols, Suma Chander's Fall/Winter ... - PR Web (press release)
yea that one is real nice .
At bdubs having drinks & wings....yea im back in college town
Hey Rick, we hope you had a great time! What did you do while you were here?
Bring the kids in costume to any Colorado Applebee’s on Sunday (10/31) and the little ghosts & goblins will eat for just 99¢!
Congrats on 's funding. We're excited to see your future.
I use twitter 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it ineffective.
Drake be dressing bummy cause all his money goes to strippers. Praying for love from a lap dance.
i followed u u should follow if u havnt already:)
when everyone didn't have encyclopedia sets in their homes how did they do research?
I'm about to send a message to your gmail concerning booking. Just giving you a heads up.
"I stand by what I said, whatever it was." Seriously, Mitt Romney is an android built by aliens.
Thanks so much! Glad you were able to make it for some of the conference!
What you have to do w/ lowest common denominator TV/movies to try & be relevant. All these dopey reality shows killed it
just tweeted your TED talk. Thanks. As a singer and as such as a healer, that was food for the soul. :)
Had a great time in Milwaukee, WI! Next stop: Diamondjo Casino in Dubuque, Iowa! Hope to see all my Collinators there!
I'm trying to download your music
point taken here comes more country
Watching limitless till I knock
Really man....
Oh god, watching lawyers try to comprehend addition / subtraction in Contracts was *excruciating.*
i just moved back, and with the acception of this weekend. seattle has not been very friendly. :)
3 things I want in a relationship: Eyes that wont cry, lips than wont lie, and love that wont die.
Meeting 930, 12, and 5pm welcome to the real world!!!
Happy Mother's Day beautiful fairy friend!!!!! I love you
lol that's Kay. I got it. But that video is the best. I FREAKED THE FUCK OUT when I saw it :)
So, give me the cliff notes version on Tropeano's arsenal... [There was of course a 'please' in that request...].
AOL to make over $1 billion in patent sale to Microsoft: Microsoft opens up its wallet to get 800 patents and patent applications, an...
won the basketball game tonite!
Let the synchronicity flow......
make sure you hit me up to get tickets to our show next month or go to www.aftonshows.com/braynstreamrecords
hi Brian! Thanks for the follow!
You're welcome!
Don't stop living because someone else chooses to be a quitter!
Omg. Your smile.<3
Sorry, Andrew Luck. Looks like Tebow will be the first pick this year.
I just went on an did it today, you just add it on.
Freedom is the only way yeah!!!
don't be mad at me sweetie
awes baby
You have two options, you can look back in 5 years and be right where you are now OR you can look back and see how far you've come
ANY GOOD TIPS FOR SUNDAY? LIKE, WHERE TO GO OUT ECT?
Beds are so much more comfortable when you have to get out of them.
If anyone wants to follow me on Twitter my username is
RT : UPDATED: House vote for health care reform was 219-212.
squee!!! and #DarnellWilliams in the same scene on #YR FINALLY!!!
"Give me eyes to see you in the dark."
They're called the Professors of Jazz.
Following! Follow back and follow
Absolutely did! Hope you enjoy your conference.
THAT LAST TWEET WAS BROUGHT TO YOU BY STARBUCKS TRENTA SIZED ICED COFFEE!
ipad is lightweight and great during flight, but laptop is better for getting work done. I so wish there is an all-in-one device.
#kids Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright: Heart 2 Heart: A Mother's Day Celebration with Danny Wright from...
it happended in the past, but its going on right now.this bitch keeps piss me off. I'm about to go the fuck off and be done
I'm so tired of feeling confused...
started compiling demos for a new record. or two. lots of demos. not much time.
I second that motion.
#thethingsbradlysays I need 2 hurry up n eat this checkers burger and this five guys so i can have a couple slices of pizza
Happy holidays and a very Merry Christmas to everyone.
thanks for all these good suggestions.
HELL YEA! the saints better get there asses in gear now.
CBRE earns renewal of 3 million-sq.-ft. outsourcing contract with Lexmark
i was a bit worried about how we would go forward with all this..we are not ur fathers p.a.c...i have social media at hand
Lost my phone now I'm back online, gotta admit it was nice not being plugged into the matrix
I have to agree that was a great talk today on zones, etc. Congrats!
RT or follow if you see this:)
April shimpeno & co. Photography is awesome. She is on Facebook too to check out her portfolio
So, should I do #ff's or should I just get to work?
About to fill my august calendar up!
I think ud like Portland, we have the best fans in the league hands down, ur from the PNW, Aldridge wants u, tha Rose needs you!
This new PEL grant thing is a bit shitty.. just sayin..
Petition to get off Twitter #stopCole ;-)
hieee and me :D
I'll get to you with my sched, but Sat is full... Talk soon!
Teaching self to play dad's classic guitar
Up next on : continues the debate on Ban College Football. Don't miss it!
Watch Kimbriell Kelly today at Noon on WPWR talk to parents about Autism
Listen in to my show when you can! . I have done 50 SALSA shows in last year from the Bronx! Cuidate Bro!
language is such an issue.. things from patients flipping out and throwing fits about not understanding which ione is the pain killer med ..
Sick at the worst possible time
After a long day of snafus, twists, & turns, I think all of the bugs are worked out and "3 Christmas Wishes" is officially on sale...
Dear unrest / wanderlust: Why are you visiting me again?
In the city cruising, reminiscing on when #oomf & I use to take our "road trips" lol #goodtimes & now we don't even speak :(
Porn. That is all.
Then again, mabye I just sucked
I'm from britain hbu?
There's always enough sunshine for everybody :)
I couldn't agree more
You are welcome! Thanks for dining with us!
App to app video is a powerful feature for apps.
If i cn smell it den baby ion put it in my mouth
Little by little I am trying to overcome technology ignorance. Just posted a couple of pix from my jewelry collection on twitpic.
Hahah yes i do.... are you going to buy those shorts?
It was supposed to be. Sometimes they get away.
He works in creative services- audio & video creation and editing, graphic design, stuff like that.
Somebody really did say happy Mothers day to me smh
sounds like we're on the same page. :)
Last class meeting of law librarianship ended. I'll miss having class in such a lavishly wired, outfitted building on the actual 40 acres.
I still debate whether working with college students makes me feel older than I should or keeps me younger than I ought to be...
hello baby!!
*currently still sleeps on a futon*
and it's a wrap! #health2con Big-Data Code-a-thon!
mommy let me hang out with my friends this isnt fun
Making sketches for the holiday card extravaganza. Thus far my "star" designs look like starfish - not quite right I fear....
#PoeticJustice is a great movie for social commentary on the plights that occur in Black Love. Tupac's performance was underrated.
jason wants me to tweet jordan pictures and he said trust me and then said he was trying to do something for me, what??
We'll be crewing up for some shoots soon. If interested in joining us, e-mail with your info, avaiability, & details.
First two weeks of TN Genealogical Society's VP & got most of the year planned. This weekend planning our Spring Lecture series, great year!
How's everyone so far ?
There are people that eat it like that??
join the club homie
Don't remind me....
Can you address JNPR?
We're on the right track baby.
Sure, lets do it. No matter what if you need an RV and cool group to go with, I have one.
Trey Songz can get it
I'm guessing you've been pretty busy?
I will now ! What a catch !
Dont you hate it when your Dentist yaps his mouth instead of cleaning your teeth!? #HURRY up already! OneAndOnly<3
It pleases me to hear that Brandon Jacobs is a beast on and off the field. Bonus that he has good taste in automobiles
you gotta stop all of that
thanks so much for the RT. did you download our album, it's free until 10am tomorrow.
It's a new year! It's a new you! Make the best of everyday!
We all have much 2 learn. Im sure its only a step in direction He's taking u. No way He was letting u slip through the cracks.
well, the eq I have been using is, how did africas geography impact the first civilizations that arose there?
my heart rate is through the roof! come on #Sixers!
But it sounds like this will put many things in a new context. good luck.
Ill never be perfect ; but I'm worth it ...
i am now following! I'm also at and loving Paul Oakenfold's set!
maybe not enough people bought the old code excuse :-)
HEY! :D My faces! :D Those look pretty good, lady!
I'm recovering from a bunch of stuff! And I've missed seeing you - and lots of folks! Slowly getting back into it.
#QuitActing like a jerk!
OMG LIAM IS GETTING OVER HIS FEAR OF SPOONS........
today is the last happy hour starbucks day :(
Yea... Tn hnmmmm... Maybe a good hm
like we haven't had enough, they go and discount it now. Lol
Bulger's appearance in fed. court in has wrapped up.He Asked for public defender. Pros. cited 800-grand found in his apt.
I'm embarrassed for you. Where's your #CLE pride?
Good Night! Sleep with the angels......XOXO
lol RT 62% of companies outsource their content marketing
Nothing quite like some fedspeak after a nice big lunch
when do you leave japan?
Sir Wilfred Grenfell~ The service we render others is the rent we pay for our room on earth.
i know!!<3 i know </33 who do i like? no one and sadly no one likes me -___- :/ waht to go to hairspray?;o
whatchu know about...?
I will call you tonight boo. I promise <3
send me your number
thanks Rick Rubin for ruining the new Gossip album.
#helc12 Student say Internet outages is #2 problem
Just signed up yesterday, and I'm in love with it (just in time for Valentine's Day)!
you still haven't showered?!
Hey fast food companies, stop adding "bowl" to previously existing foods and trying to persuade us that it's a new food
paperwork for various projects. (Ugg) But I got it done and each of them worked out really well. What a relief! You?
I am now a proud member of
Send some headphones man! Thanks
alright let's get this whole prom thing over with asap
I'm probably late but happy birthday
Woo hoo! You're a superstar alumna, Katie!
please let Stefan and Elena be happy together, even though that's not a very good story line, it's all I want ♥
TWITTERTHURSDAY MUSIC NIGHT CLUB & IS ALL DAT NEED TO BE SAID
Pauly D and Vinny are my favorite hands down.. BUT I do love too!! #SEXY lol
What's a 10-zip shellacking when you win the opening series against the WS champs?
I think its very nice of Mitt Romney to personally pay off the US Debt. Now, that's a politician!
In sunny San Francisco, getting ready to talk about GRE at
where's home?
the OJ Simpson of today " I would give up the rushing title to be in the playoffs " ... The glove don't fit.... Lol
you excited for your return to Lambeau? Week 2 of preseason, can't wait!
getting my posse together tonight for our first #burningman meeting. The planning begins! Year 3 for me...
69.69- your so pretty girl and your really funny :)
Check out the Mod Factory Collection 2012, A Fashion Show this Thursday Night...I will be walking the Runway for Designer; Carlos De Moya.
Giiiirlllll, I didn't realize this was YOU! Zsameria just straightened my $@$&@* out. Leave it to Z! Hey Hey Hey....
Check out the Twitter page for the latest posts on my blogs for Tuesday.
and your in my mentions because?
thanks! You guys have big weekend plans?
: I really want to get my hands on this book. It looks really good and I've been hearing such great things!
I'm on an island surrounded by water on all sides with only 2 bridges out.
I prob was a king in my past life lol
#WordPress #Tools Ajax Spell Checker – Uses a variety of dictionaries to spell check your posts.
Very cool! We just posted a link to your blog post in our blog!!
A new day Dawning...
that means when u do move to Miami, you would need to take down all of your posters and you would need to change your P.O Box
Omg is retweeting so much meek mill shit into my timeline lolol
Man, how you gonna be down 31 with 6 min left in the 3rd Q? This is a joke. Bring on Heat-Thunder, asap!
I would love to see a mayor, police commissioner, city council, etc. who can address this type of q directly.
I hear you-- I've found the 'faceting' feature extremely cool. Did you decide in Summer of Code?
Thanks for following. Will reciprocate!
Thank you to all you amazing Over 40 Females out there!! Let's continue to Connect, Encourage, and Inspire each other in every way possible!
Do I still get stickers? has my address.
Ashlee Simpson and Bronx Visit NYC, Indicating Jessica Simpson's Due Date Is ... - Yahoo! News Blogs (blog)
My new play: The Agony & Ecstasy of Ira Glass, how twee reporter misunderstands how theater works.
It's putting me in a bad mood..hate being in a bad mood..
el mensaje de sms o de fb?
ill set my alarm /:)
Just landed at #LAX and got caught up on #Torchwood en route. Wow. Bravo, , Russell T, and crew. So freakin' impressed.
Struggling to get out of bed to go to school when I actually don't have to. :/ my bed feels so darn good!
being told it's not the iPad 3. It's the iPad HD. The third iPad to be released...so sort of the iPad 3...
anyone else's leftover jambalaya taste like victory? ours does
im tha same way...clicker questions wack n he just reads random slides
We're trippin in our hearts and its reckless and clumbsy, and i know you cant love me
he got them there
Tell George way to go! We pay all our attn to Afghanistan/Iraq and ignore the problems in Sudan.
It would be good to do a global #OpenTech conference. Beyond Mobile: the Future Of Open Technology...or something like that
I'm going to punch you next time I see you..
I think you had a bad day
emily emily emily
Done with heady glass tings. Now on to beer tings!
Getting my wisdom teeth out next thursday....... COOL
I got 2 final classes during the summer then hopefully politics
Adrienne Maloof in the building.... LAX
LMAO RT : What's going on here???? I'm just waiting for Ashton to jump out and shout "you've just been punked!
Got the break room rocking
still too much to do. sometimes i really want to just stay planted
Trayvon's mom. Wow. What a courageous and admirable woman. My heart breaks for her.
working on money
How does AZ match up to FL for #SpringTraining!
Happy 100th Birthday #FenwayPark. Here's to another 100.
The Difference Between A Boy & A Man Is A Boy Will Ask A Girl 4 A Naked Pic A Man Will Ask A Girl/Woman 4 A Pic Without Her Havin Make Up On
Yesterday I also slammed on the best meal I've ever had at Ho Ho's =) Man I love that place! My tummy does too haha
I think I ate too many oranges today :O
Mornin'! How was your Thanksgiving weekend?
I'm Madd Nice To People The Only Time That I'm Rude Is Only When People Decide To Get Crazy With Me !
hey! give us a listen :D. we're new to Vegas an we have two professionally done Cds. Check it out :]
We're working on a few flashmobs and pranks, but not quite ready to go yet. Soon!
I hate #Rick Santorum as much as Rick Santorum loves to take charge of my uterus.
If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you will be successful.
Congrats to Judge Sylvania Woods Elem. School ! They just won 102 tickets to UniverSoul Circus & will join Cortney’s Kids!
hmu lets vibe
Awesome Mies Google Doodle today!
Call me old fashioned but i really like getting love letters instead of a text message. ♥.♥
It sucks when you know you need to let go, but can't because you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
In workshop on getting core courses approved. One form has spaces for as many as 24 different approval signatures.
yup just got out feeling some food
and I got into a fight with ruxin about fantasy football. again, not , but rodney ruxin. I clearly miss that show
Omg this coffee is delish
Going to work today? Leave your "AUTO DESTRUCT" in ACTIVE. Oh how your co workers will love that!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who work hard to #fixschooldiscipline!
btw.. You have the smartest show on TV.
it says it should but it might not. I want to but it's $30
Good stuff, and good luck!
i should come with a "hazard: klutz" sign.
Using Google Docs at 12noon is cancelled...bummer!
NO! OH NO! I'm so sorry, Dave.
Thanks so much! I love Italian. And Harrah's is just up 291, right? I'll look.
I'll bite. Who's the old friend?
2012 = bad movie. However, I just discovered the end of the mayan calander and it has creeped me out.
not sure either but it appears so
Every time I've glanced that the top of the Etsy page and seen "registry" I've had to look twice because I thought it said "regretsy"!
Feeling refreshed after a relaxing dip in the pool!
Fuck girls fuck football right now it's
This fool is retiring from the cyber world. Time for words on paper. 'Night!
u a clown
Hopefully dolis gets it done here! Go #cubs !!!
Lol I just ate it for u RT : Forget the ice cream... So exhausted .. My body needs some Z asap.. Nite nite.
In Vancouver at AERA, Harvard Education Press booth.
Thank you for your support and retweets!
Wow Dave Chapelle is crazy...this fat dude is about to get shot...now some dude has to get butt naked.
i am so sorry -
1st thought: In a world of Kardashians and Lohans, classy Kate Middleton is a breath of fresh air.
My grandpas response "what the hell is that?!?"
I hate that Proactiv is the only thing I think about now when I hear the word "proactive".
take yo black ass to bed
#Morel starting in the 2-hole again tonight...I mine as well be hitting in the 2-hole.
Guess #oomf can't text me no.more
I need to give my mouse a break sometimes... It's working overtime!
tyler davis diserves it i dont care what mr big P said!
Lisa and Kim lol
At #tobykeithsbarandgrill with !!!
RT : "There a guy, [Brandon] Hardin," said Bears special teams coordinator Dave Toub. "He jumped out at you on special teams."
We are National Champs!
how is it that i nap after school, and im still tiredd?
YOU'RE SO PRETTY!
That's fair.
Hi Christi! :)
Rubber band outside of school: Eh. Rubber band inside school: Endless enertainment.
Off to the fitness centre to work this body! My oncology check-up came back GOOD ... WBC = 6400 :) Still in remission! I can have sushi now!
This day just really annoys me
So glad that everyone else missed on cuz the Bills struck gold.
Played hooky tonight. It felt amazing.
That's why I think the MLS actually certifies some kind of misfire in the brain. We need it to explain our condition.
Only $35 for a $75 Primo Package. Includes a Regular Car Wash + Handwax. Book at this price today only.get it at eartcarwash.com/Appointment
Just reread To the Lighthouse for the first time since high school. Still kicks my ass.
...which is open source and free. A lot like Blacklight (also built on Solr), but for genealogy and historical records!
where's the free BBQ at? :)
I love both!!!
Gr8 to meet u! RT : Wonderful event. Tx to & all the ladies esp. for the inspiration
You did good! BOOM
great Dev, you?
Hm... let me smoke my pipe whilst I ponder this a while
"Don't Blame Me I didn't Make It. Keep Ya Head Up". That's fa you Moscato....much Respect Dawg.
I'm good. Ty. Just chilling at home listening to some old school on my phone. You playing any old school tonight?
I need a personal assistant
Now it's over and they're playing the worst song ever. Something about needing a refill...
You mean more, mean more to me. Than any color I can see.
i suspect age has a bit to do with it too, perhaps as much as religion. Maybe even more.
when do you feel class? never
so you tweet about it first instead of backing back and watching it? lolz
The CD is now available at #CrackerBarrel stores. RT and let us know where YOU found a copy!
Why are Mother's Day cards so expensive? And why do I wait until last minute to get cards knowing there isn't much left? I need answers.
Shakedown Street sample on the new album! I want royalties and executive producer credit though
Haven't gotten a decent night's sleep in two weeks. Great night to veg-out.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 58
Greater than the sum of his man parts.
Good. How are things in the Illadelph?
I am still not watching.... GO BUCKY!
A1 (doubt) pt 2...and ask me @ this tomorrow: my 2nd novel ms is being read for 1st time at a workshop - eek
Yea, old school sykora in the HOUSE! Right through the legs!!! #thatshowwedoit #NHLPlayoffs cc:
awesome! How's the view?
You can have the evidence right in front of you, but if you can't imagine something that has never existed before, it's impossible
My obsession with chapsticks is going overboard that i need it every minute. .....do you have any chapsticks, ? haha
RT #Taurus enjoys romance by candlelight and watching the play of shadows on their lover's body.
They are a fleet of troopers!
wen u find out let me know i dnt got school monday
#dogperson all the way.
Ahahahahahhahahahah <3 it's not my account to change anything on. I wish..
Almost like a comic version from a Lumiere Brothers movie...
I want that feeling again.
Glad to hear it!
Happy #MkeDay! What a gorgeous day in the 414 on 4/14
; erryday erryday fuck what anybody say, can't see em cuz the money in the way, real niqquh what's up !
we need a shoot ASAP!
'The Motto' just came on, its definitely a sign! Ha
"Take risks. You are a lot better off being scared than being bored." ~ Words to live by via
Daily GTKY question: What do you truly think of Monday’s?
Are you Turkish?
Roses are red, violets are blue. I have herpes now you can enjoy them too.
Time to get that workout in!! Don't be lazy!!!
I'm back. Been fighting MRSA- a serious form of Staph. Also contracted Listeria- NOT FUN!!!... Continued next tweet
Very impressed by #JeremyEvans second dunk!!! Wow!!
No More School.! HELL YEAH.!!!!
The National Center for HIV infection and sexually transmitted infections provides leadership in preventing previously mentioned diseases.
Bite Of Minnesota: Custard Tea Cake With Raspberries
Enjoying My Sunday!!!
Pretty lesbians :) >>>
Making videos for the show today.
That's kewl Ii just went over there on Wednsday to visit my cousinz! Im from Illinois wat part from Georgia r u from?
u in LV?
ha, I did see at Warped Tour 10 years ago. Didn't know you were a fan. I'm going to Madison for HS bball that weekend
In admit I like the first Home Alone. But that's all about John Hughes. No faith in rebooting Home Alone's or Vacation w/o him.
Were Trying To Get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for you, So your romodel Maybe Will Follow You??
lexus would have to come from a business purchase. I'll look into the Acura.
My DL says I weigh 135 and for the first time in my life I weigh less.
OMG STOP IT <33333 coño loco tu ta como eh ;) i'd tap that!!!!!
but i guess on tge bright side is coming to philly for Q102 springleball:)
RT : Sporting faithful, buying my first #SKC jersey today, should it be Sapong or Kamara? << No doubt...Kai Kamara
and I'm flagging you in general (any aspect of life) siting reason: "I hate her."
Eddie and Troy Lee could of done better... just my opinion
Very cool.
Work, work, work! Got to get this done!!!
hah the whole thing screams the sconnie identity, doesn't it?
Loved hanging out with all you guys today!! !!!!
Busy busy busy week! Which is a good thing, of course!
See you #beckham, don't let the door hit you on the way out.
'Listen all ya'll...'
Glad no one heard me when I said "I'm getting a lart state to my day."
If you are just tuning in, the NL Central is Caddyshack & the #brewers are Rodney Dangerfield. GO!
New Default!
Hit us on Facebook @ Praci$e Conkelton or 500Boyz fanpage :) TEAM F.B.E.
100-67, give us the crown already
don't pay attention to those types of comments b/c you're amazing, its great that your following yur dreams :D ily<3
cat left a present on the couch. awesome, cat. yes, okay, i will clean your litter box today.
There are days that all I feel like I'm doing is creating low-hanging social media data for someone else's research.
I know I wasen't the ONLY one thinking it.
thanks for the mention! pls follow us so we can DM you some updated info.
My pleasure :)
I broke out the jacket this morning. Excited for Manning, but no matter who plays on the team I'm a Bronco fan for life.
great game
oh you'll respect me once I kick ur ass
I dnt even get an effort from u.
How can the NFL even compare you to Tom Brady ? No contest there but if there was you would come out of top Like always
Well, least he's there to bum some $1's off of.
Special soup tonight, with drinks and crackers and a good word from a surprise speaker. 6:30.
Whose coming down for the grill out tomorrow?!
School sucks , to much work , and it's to early in the morning .
On Capitol Hill w/ Youth Leadership Team. Great meeting w/ Rep. Ackerman and his staff.
When I ask you to listen to a song, it`s because the lyrics mean everything I`m trying to say to you.
I didn't realize that part... Makes the 'did [he] have a great time' a no brainer...
Michael Jackson's kids look EXACTLY like him. Spitting image, am I right?
The eyes wont hide what the lips wont say
Some junks should stay in their harbor
*me appying for bestbuy online* Me-chris wat do i type for title? Chris-Just type "loser" as your current title
thanks for the post Madison :)
I can't wait for July 14th to come. I get to spend a whole night with you!!!
The UK misses you chris
Another thing that unites us! So sorry to hear about your turtle's exile. Let's form a support group!
We love ! Three continents on this morning's planning call...big plans for 2012. Stay tuned....
No way in hell that was a protest
cookies???? Did I hear COOKIES!!!
mmmn...yes. can't be any worse this time around.
Did you ever see a little girl with dark hair on one of the news stations for a spot called Wednesday's Child?
im still mad the bucks didnt want to keep him.
Excited about all the awesome programs LITA is sponsoring at ALA Annual 2010
Go out and make someone smile today.
If your gut's not healthy, you're not healthy.
A5) When current Red Sox players are worse than anyone who walked through CF. Sorry...too soon?
<3 thanks doll face ;)
Bohemian Grove by Emmure pumps me up so much
RT : Getting ready to announce the winner of the ipod, follow and cross your fingers!
#HellsKitchen was great yesterday. I finally got to watch it tonight.
It's so unusually nice here in New England we decided to head to a zoo and enjoy the sunny day.
I love you<3
hows it going? follow me please?
Holiday gift art show at MKE public Market 10-3! Don't wait last minute to buy your holiday gifts!
Does it count as breakfast still if you're eating it at 11:45?
Sowwy, I was just excited! re: : easy with the language!
Bitch you get an F!
12:15 would be perfect! There might be a chance that I will not be in Wi next week. I'll let you know by the end of the day.
so many ideas, so little time ...
was invol upgraded to New Twitter. still brooding. not exactly a luddite but i prefer new things to be upon my instigation.
More people to follow i see ;d
You don't have to hate someone for closure. I'll never hate you.
Vocals again today! And i STILL sounded like doodie :/- carson
Had an amazing time St Petersburg yesterday! ♥ to my team walkers & all who supported our daughter!
I feel like you never want to hear from me again.
to bed wit u
Given the insane lines at Starbucks near the Staples Center, this place could totally support another (and better) coffee house
Jered Weaver hugging his dad after his no-hitter.
Thanks, again, Rachel!
If anyone who wants to actually help out people let me know! We need more people for Leo's Club!
Girl plz oatmeal
Then you've never lived!
sounds great!
oh my god there was a commercial filmed in Bonney lake, about Bonney lake?!?!
lol she is leaving for the Fall and needs someone to sub lease her room
Next time you head to either location, check in and choose which reward you want to redeem. Tweet us a pic when you do!
me to and so is my dog Bo.
Are you actually gonna watch the movie? ;)
Off to a shaky start. Trying to steady things out.
FREE !! HE'S #INNOCENT & DOES NOT BELONG IN PRISON!! SHAME ON YOU #NH FOR KEEPING A #WRONGLYCONVICTED MAN!! FREE !!!
marshmallow makin'!
Yes, Olympic addicts unite! That's what the Olympics is all about, right?
Why oh why. Does anyone have any idea? I deleted and recreated the page. Same thing.
There's not a lot of downside to being an actress but memorizing lines is less fun than getting into character....
What are friends? Could somebody help me pull all the knifes out of my back and return them to the people who stabbed me in the back?
gotta eat bro:-)
Inception was actually the first Blu I bought :D OMG Batman 89 must only be played on VCR! The fuzziness just adds to the
Necklace project done. Now just few final touches. :)
imma get Thomas to tweet you
Thursdays = #archerfx = Happy Eli
thanks for follow DJ legend..let us know where u play at
WOO!! Everytime yall do sumthin, we come back and do somethin better. RONDO!
Although there was a line about "don't worry they wont be able to see you at night"
told you to drop out!!
Louis Daguerre, as in daguerreotype photographs
": CAN'T WAIT TO START GOING TO THE PIRATES GAMES <3" cough cough :))
Good morning SteadyS have a bless day!
- Send drinks to yourself & friends for $1 to Chi's top bars. Then redeem the REAL drink for $1 at the bar. Dwnld the free app!
Bring on the sweatpants!
Get your order in now We have sold out of ReHeat and Eat BBQ the last two weeks going to be making more this weekend
I'M GOOD(: HOW BOUT YOU?
I need boy advice. Like now.
Hey #Nissan, knock it of with the stupid truck commercials.
: he probably does not want his family to think you don't like them. I bet they ask him about why you are not there.
Just bought #RamonPerez' graphic novel adaptation of #JimHenson's "Tale of Sand". Such a beautiful book!!
A mighty tree must catch the #Pineda wind. RT We have a catcher who can catch. And hit. Where am I?
Just posted The Official Need 4 Speed Motorsports Bimmerfest 2011 Trailer. Check it out on FB or Youtube! facebook.com/Need4SpeedMotors
Doritos: The Crack of Snack
Fact. Not opinion.
Brush gradens today!!!
Where u at bro?
(yesterday a highlight was showing how to put a 3D printer in a public library - very popular so far! #nyplecpl )
I'd probably use white wine instead of the red I used with the beef. Okay, I'm going to stop talking about food now.
yep they working the hell outta me, but enjoying the money!
Watch out for Favre this year. this could be one of his best years.
How do u shank a 30 something yd field goal woww # shock
GIM ME IT
Two days ago, 80 degrees. Today, #snowday. Crazy, but I'll gladly take it. That's life in Colo Springs.
I wanna go to an amusement park <3
whaattt I want
Im coming
#SAYSOMETHIN IS INFINITELY STUCK IN MY HEAD. KTHANKSBYE (:
Please note that is not a user and insert our active account instead Thank you!!
Just did an all day workshop on consultative sales with a great team of Realtors! I'm mentally energized, yet physically exhausted.
Fresh flowers in a guest room can really cheer up a simple space
Judge Emmett say he views Harris County as its people, an organism of 4 million diverse citizens
yes, you are. we're terribly sorry about that... it was supposed to be a surprise.
We are spiritual beings having a human experience
You dated a girl without knowing, stopped talking to her then you sent her an inbox saying you missed her. I admit I like you & you leave me
Yes. I still like him. But he needs to go to L'ville to figure things out. Reds are giving up a game a week right now.
a friendly reminder that your game is more than 6 hours old and will end soon (cv0s0)
I'm with a chick with a big ass, big tits, big lips
did u ever realize how hard it is for us to tweet u yet we ddnt receive just one;(
I'm shy. Most people don't take the time to explore the real me. So I'd like to thank everyone who has. Everyone who didn't, missed out.
Traveling to Port St. Lucie, FL for the International Retained Search Associates Fall Conference
Come drink beer in my backyard, friends.
Poor Sally is being corrupted on ALL SIDES. Couldn't she just have one night of innocence!
RT : Trust me... You were just a little crush that grew into something more.
The way that you accomplish tasks with a product — what you do and how it responds — that's the interface. ~ Jef Raskin
waved at this guy i thought was he smiled, but i think he noticed i realized it was the wrong guy haha
She's got to learn real fast to not do that crap anymore.
On top of that, I'm bored.
Decent crowd for Sox. Sure some cars paid not mine RT : I've had that happen. How full was the train?
Just had a Mom's Organization hit us up on Twitter. What group do you run that we can provide appliance tips to?
Just because i live a certain life today, doesn't mean my life was like this the whole way
Ahh damn that would have been a good show to see. Hopefully next year. Enjoy!
I've never looked at him that way... <3 I should just sleep right now, while this lasts.
In the words of my mother 'It is hot to trot.'
1 month since visiting and 11 months until our next visit
I love the #coolcreekconcerts Can I get a follow back from my favorite bands!?
follow back?
#SkipsTebowBandwagon John Elway should be tuned into COME AS YOU ARE to Tebow's Bandwagon, we forgive :).
hey Chris whatsup?!:)
Interview a bunch of people about a certain topic and pitch the media on doing a story or show about what you discover.
i`m thinking every draftee has 2 1/2 kids each.
Early goal for my "hometown" team! Granada 1-0 Real Madrid
I find Steven Tyler cute, in a weird way.
It would be more fun if your peeps were with you ;)
Hahaha yeah I know him!
yes. I am really excited to move forward!
Please call us regarding your order from Sushi Rock. 216-229-1600
I spent a min thinking of *ancient* dead professions for a sort of Roman feel, and came up with "Depilator." Ew.
Best dress so far? Stacy Keebler.
yeah he is, he's like the dude in the big lebowski. I'm counting on it.
Final week to sign the Calif. Ballot Initiative petition to label GMO FOOD
u know I been hitting u up on Ur yahoo messenger for a hot minute
Hate being my familys beer bitch....
has new and beautiful products at #hdexpo.the summer is here, take advantage and find awesome products at their booth (4436)
hahahaaha did you really?? that night was hysterical! we just rolled with it and ended up having an amazing time haha =)
Tebow Time from the 1st. Snap today look for the hurry up offense / no huddle & a lot of. Passing.
And, yes, I'm saying I know better than Christopher Nolan.
Pi Day: When math, which usually nauseates me, becomes so very tasty. Thanks, and !
I feel trapped. I need to find a way out fast. :/
and I made a few peeps cry!!! And u sat against the wall w/ your duffle looking all sad. Hilarious!!!!!!!!!!
“Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be”
Did you stop over? I never run into you!
Catch "Bride Flight" a sweet period piece post-WWII if you want to go on a trip! Excellent work. Dutch film set in New Zealand. Captivating!
Can't wait for our show in Austin on October 15th! Should be a great show!
I actually missed him, cant wait to see his face... Today is the day :)'n all day
Really enjoyed 's talk on Chinese meme culture as a method for dissidence. Homophones FTW
Check out the /mindless-behavior list!
Editing complete. Revisions complete. Time to copy and submit.
Now for my most hated part of Union Station: getting a cab after midnight. I hate being stuffed together with strangers.
Maybach Anniversary Event on March 31st. We will be giving out free "ME" shirts for the night. Stay tuned for more info.
love miller park.so comfortable.enjoyable.spacious.smells good..awesome tailgateing in a huge parking lot..moderatly priced..only1 hr away.
CAA tourney is the first weekend in March.
Disadvantage of being the oldest of your little group: no one else can drink at your 21st birthday party. :P
Looks like we'll be hearing the news helicopters in spades as tomorrow is May Day and protest season starts in earnest.
#thingsthatineed is my family close friend and my boyfriend<3
FUCK YOU TUMBLR, YOU OBVIOUSLY HATE ADAM AND I HATE YOU FOR THAT FUCKKK YOUU I WAS ALMOST DONE!!!
gobbleygooker doesn't count as "he" never had a match. But that was a LAME Thanksgiving surprise they served up in 1990
Dont worry:))) im sure you will sometimmee!
yay!!! Let us know.
We have followed!!
yeah your little red headed fire crotchrocket... Just kidding man it hurt like a bitch though
oh aye, we're gonna need a bigger boat.
best veggies to throw on the grill for dinner tonight...with chix
The person who started the TT - #provably should PROBABLY go back to grade school smh
#LakeShow all day
Pig & Fiddle. starving after escaping the mall - beer was great, dinner ok. Other patrons are loud & flirty mid-life crises.
I seem to be having some problems accessing my Tropo-powered apps, and the application debugger. Anything to be concerned about?
It's official. I'm in the line up of Naperville Jazz Festival on June 18th. Woohooo
Does anybody know why the #Mac #terminal highlights text with black after an #ssh connection is lost and how to change this behavior?
i was at wests prom and i swear i thought i saw , or his twin....
The ONE day that I don't have my ID, because I left it in my f speeding tix envelope, I get carded at TWO places?!
I swear I be doing boss sh!*...... Im proud of my damn self!!!
says could get a job if he could just skip the interview.
Aww...I'm assuming not in the city?? You should see the locket B gave me for my b-day. It's a bunny...on a book!
“: When someone doesn't text you back but it says they read it <<<”
Yea we been working on our mixtape but we do need to start leaking tracks
Date night with mom! Movies and I'll try to talk her into seeing some live music w/ me :-)
Thanks to all my new followers, God bless!
Crazy statistic! RT : Boston's $78+M on the DL is more than the payroll of 20% of MLB teams
Error 404: This user has completely disintegrated due to the existence of
I would choose team umizoomi lol
Coming up later on the TJMS: R&B Singer Maxwell!!!
Too many things on my mind. #stressed . I wonder if this is how grown ups feel?
Woww... Someone has no life.
Glad to hear it, we need to swim
Nerve-cited to teach my first #LIBR046 class of the semester and meet my new students. T-45 minutes!
Oh, it'll snow, but it's nothing us New Englanders haven't seen before!
I'm glad you enjoyed my city. I wish the onyx didn't have that stupid age limit smh
Really thinking about grabbing Eastern Washington in this CBB night cap.
blame bliemia for calling 2 Timeouts in the 3rd they could really use those right now
#starwarsday! Whaaa! And Saturday is free comic book day! Best week ever!
Thanks for sharing
“Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting.” Edmund Burke
I assume they did- dont remember that much though so I have to wait & see the police report : /
lol! Ugh - that's what I get for having an AKA as a bestie. Xo!
Speechless- good or bad?
Hold tight; we haven't forgotten about the #reverb11 September prompt. Big things ahead...stay tuned!
Coming up with a cure for cancer.
Dear mom, I Am What I Am Today because of you.♥ You never gave up on me even when everyone else did. I Love You.♥
with bestiee I love you !(:
Wine tasting tonight!!
Man I Love you Big Vince and you wife seems so cool
tea is the new coffee
What charitable group or association would you love to give extra support to this week?
I think you might on another account. I'll email you later tonight!
Call it murda' murda' , when you smoke my killlllllla'.
DEMI. HOW DARE YOU BE A JUDGE WHEN IM NOT AUDITIONING. YOU SUCK.
im really loving character modelling, zbrush is probably my weapon of choice learning maya too
292 you all fit like a nice Jimmy Choo shoe!
yes i have! And it was ammmaazzingg!!!!!! U will have soo much fun!!
Somebody tell to holler at a player... We got work to do
nice my bestie is from the philipines. Im from seattle. Wat time is it there?
Im the bad guy in your movie that never dies.
Relationships of any kind fall apart when you lose your self control.
I need a cuddle buddy for most nights :/
Oh? No, I didn't. (Transitions are excellent times for soc. media, says he who hasn't updated his LinkedIn page despite job change.)
You should come try a crossfit workout! Call us and mention "Twitter" and your first workout will be free!!! :)
who's going to #amia11 ?
#SometimesYouHaveTo ...push hard to get me angry, but when I'm in that realm the chances of me doing bitches the fuck in are fairly high...
death cab for cutie? plans album thank me later
i would say YES of course and then hopefully we would be together for a long time :)
Oovoo mobile isn't letting me sign on, WTF?
Ready to fail with
Another rainy day in #Phoenix, have a great #Tuesday!
I feel offended this girl was have you ever had a boyfriend before and I was like yes then she said you seem more like the loner type
Kurt I hope your well
Created new lawyer blog for washington personal injury lawyer at www.zenlawyerseattle.com
What a crappy week for me.
Great! we have them on 2nd Wednesdays of the month. email for more details.
Then dumb a** run to the door and cant even get it unlocked -___-.... so yo next thought was the phone.... *throws up hands*
goodluck at the concert tonight! I know you'll do great(:
Hi.... the email address is
Just announced that Tenacious D will be joining Pearl Jam, DMB, and all the other bands at the Outside Lands Festival. It's coming up soon!
Pu-er Tea is known to help lower blood cholesterol levels.
come see me!
RT Omg. I am 130 pounds. I should be 120. Time for a serious diet/exercise regimen. No sodas, excess sugars, or fast foods.
RT : come do it then! cuz you know i can make your night you wanna get it!
NorthStar, which built and sold computer in the late 1970's, was originally called "Kentucky Fried Computers".
Matza Pizza. Happy
Not quite ready. But #USAA participates in many races supporting the military - please connect if you see us!
Love it when I don't notice the giant stain on my work clothes until I'm at work. Good start to the
watching "The Coffee Addiction" on fascinating!
So saddened to hear the passing of Donna Summer. :( Queen of disco RIP. Thoughts and prayers to her family.
sounds like stansbury suffers from constipation of the head and diarrhea of the mouth!!
Come grab some lunch and check out some Women's World Cup action starting at noon!
#Feed your mind #positive #thoughts & #THRIVE on success-driven ideas as a result!
I've been here now about 6 months. I love it and I can get East or West Coast easily. Getting my accent.
#ff : dynamic web designer; : innovative librarian; : talented community organizer
Did anyone pull off an April Fools Joke?
Made two bad mistakes this weekend. I love red wines, but bought a Zinfandel in error. The second blunder was drinking it & not dumping it.
What bars would you like to see the Pedal Mill stop at? Looking to expand our list of bars that will give our riders specials
well, thank you hot stuff!
You're not fat..you're just easy to see (:
Lol, sadly yes. The venue has already been created.
Im over this math hw! i been on the same question an hour...smh
That awkward moment when you hangout with someone yu don't knoww..
Chicks complaining about Girlfriend duties.. You'll Never be able to handle Wife duties! You just holding yo'self back..
Do you work with IADT students as well? I work with the Detroit campus
": thank you" *You're welcome & thank u! The video's hype :-D
look bro, get a trademark on your picture. Simple solution. And try being nice to other people. It works.
Golf Tip: Keep your kit clean. A little dirt can cause a lot of problems.
Actually, the most emotional I've ever been came from Monet. But that was a line from Parks and Rec I really loved.
"When I'm tired and cannot sleep, I count my blessings instead of sheep"~Irving Berlin. Sweet dreams, loved ones xo <3
she cant do it she has no guts
Today is a day of reckoning here at Hellsgate. We have a LENGTHY "Production To-Do List," and most of the due dates are 12/13...
Good Morning!! Look like Atlanta is going to have more rain, more road closes, and more flooding... I never seen anything like this in G ...
Holy weather, we going to do everything in our power to keep games on this weekend.
“: have fun! Wish I could be in two places at once”. Me to :(
Attn painters: the starry night sky has reached its limit as a subject. Please find something else to paint!
Tim tebow should run for president
Some people just need to learn when to keep their mouth shut.
In new York! I need a place to throw my bag for few hours who's around and wants to chill?!?!
Thanks for yesterday's RTs, everyone.
I need to take my car to the car wash
What is to be must be
says, I've missed you
Your asleep and I'm bored! So I thought I would tweet you! I love you so much! 😍😘😊
hope so! MT that's going to be a major part of job descr of "curator" now+ on into the future: promoting conversations.
please check your email I have a question....
hmm maybe I didn't need to buy the app. :/ Found a bookmarklet for mobilizer -- I take it that's what you're using?
Montrezl harrell to Duke makes so much sense. Enjoyed watching his game blossom. I expect seeng him have a big impact next level
When they say to you "someone of your talent", they actually mean, "go mop the floor over at my place."
people should find pleasure in food, in good food shared with friends. Not crap food eaten with hurting self.
It got cloudy all of a sudden ..
We did it again!!! The International Librarians Reception is SOLD OUT! For the lucky people who have a ticket, I will see you there!
RT : says we hate the s-word, but we r in sales.
(Which I can't show you now, because it's dark. But take my word for it. Full skyline, plus planes coming in over the river.)
1. Allow me to explain: a few years ago, Mr. Landis was reportedly working on a biopic of William Gaines, publisher of Mad Magazine, etc.
Right. Or boycott is recent, since these things are planned like five years in advance. Aigh.
Use text marketing to let your fans access your schedule. www.zesmo.com
No, I have not officially "lost it", I'm making bottle cap accessories and sharing the good Magic Hat sayings. :)
Hearing about McQuarrie reminds me of spending countless hours paging thru the ESB and RotJ sketchbooks as a kid. Great inspirations.
so my hand doesnt hurt that much to play guitar and for the first time in a long time im playing come back to bed cause I miss my girl lily
If its that easy its not worth it...I'm still standing...
History teaches us that when a barbarian race confronts a sleeping culture, the barbarian always wins.
Happy #CyberMonday ! where are you finding the best deals?
Agreed; cheers
Yes! RT : RT : The message itself is important to sm influence.Often it's more influential than the influencer.
21 years riding the NYC subway lines.
hahaha I love him so much though <3
But seriously, when did I become Lynn Searcy?
I sure am!
I legit grabbed my phone and almost started to text "Hey. How are you?" but then I thought, "Oh...wait..."
#stopbullying-that's on my mind this morning.
A new year you say? Oh wow I had better get started! I have got a lot of things to fail at this year.
I really want a tattoo that has to do with System of A Down. Only band that I'd get tattooed on me. I'll love them forever.
He resigned after going to work too drunk to rule, but now former Valencia County District Court Judge John Pope is in AA, and doing well.
Just solved education journalism's problems *ha!) with folks at Penn. Thanks for the excuse to get out of the office.
Get ready to get your rocks off! The Carnal Carnival Is Coming! Scicurious Stuff! If you buy it, Flaunt it!
This week, re! 3.5 years in development later. Haha
I just adore his tweets. Like, can read them for hours.
Lol I know, Twitter is dumb af :')
havent hit in a while, feels like i've forgotten everything.
Making cookies with my grandma <3
Nice! Looks have some new reading material. Thank you!
I'm getting my braces on the 15th. I'm scared. RED❤.
hey pal, are you coming to the EdLab party on Tuesday night?
Stop--study time
Thanks for the <3! Appreciate it so much! Enjoy your tweets!
Mama Koku has officially arrived. Only a few more moments until her reading of@ FaithRingglods "Tar Beach" begins. We hope to see you here
bro. why can't andrew constancio go to our school?
What's this I hear? Write in Nov 2? I cannot wait until this shit is over? Like my good friend stated, it's devastating....
I'm going to bed, finally.
hmm do you know ad any? I'm not going to miss out this time:)
We had thunder. We had rain. We had hail, but no cow. we didn't have cow.
hope Mr is doing well?
I've changed.I've really really changed. I don't know if my mind still wants to be my friend. Thoughts?
Unfortunate for wildlife. RT NSSF #1 bill HR 1558 now has 164 co-sponsors. Bill stops EPA from banning traditional (lead-based) ammo.
aw thanks! I'll still be on Twitter!
Kelly Clarkson needs a stylist.
Google is trying to melt my server. Normally I serve 6 GB traffic a day. Google is hitting me up for 2,616 GB in one day!
Any word on Young's return? Does that play into the deal?
damn what dat and nothing watching Kay tv shows with until I go in :30
iight how u
Thanks! RT : That shirt is awesome!
even tho 50 and Ja will never be friends they both got the same friends its not about beef its about money
Didn't see LL on SNL but heard she looked nervous, too bad really hope she turns her life around, wish last night was the start
#thaiFood... Not too sure
LOL, I think I need to go for a hike in Palmer park?
I am a Californian
Who the hell are Maggie and Robert?
Give a nigga a inch and he take a mile
Gym Flow at Armstrong Fitness Beastmode Catch up if you can....
finally finished time to put some clothes on. Pictures shortly
i just found out is coming to Tucson! i have to see him!!!
So I caught all eight trips in the 5p hour here on the UP-West Line. Was a very fun 43 minutes, nothing out of the ordinary.
Requirements for renewable portfolio should be eliminated because it is too costly says Kintigh
Im so proud of myself , fuck everybody else "_^
Run home plug in download convert render wait meditate
running around in circles for the hell of it
My BMI checks looking more and more like income tax checks!!
Everyone please go follow please4
Hey, It is important to spend from our values. found this and their site check it out & it's a conservative company
ellen beat yur lope! Criminal!
# vegan Greatest talk ever by Dr Neal Barnard today @ PDX VegFest He rocked the house so hard it was SRO for truth, peace & health Go Vegan!
Pasties and panties show TBA
That has to mess up your alignment hitting one of those dont ya think?
It makes absolutely no sense that live Masters coverage doesn't come on for hours. What's the deal ?
10/11. Not sure which newscast it will be tonight.
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." -Jim Ryan
The weather heavily dictates my mood
thats what she said and yeah but keep trying
you should come to Brazil in the summer (: imma be there! :D
Nice. Definitely a mental exercise.
i'm the same way. once you model you can never got back
Last chance to grab tickets for the Red, Black & Blonde premiere at the Very few tickets left
Wow some people can be so rude.
Book "Heaven is for real" Boy that claims he has been to heaven and back.
synthesis essay ~leggo
RT : DJs! Have you heard my new track TEQUILA?! DM ur email. It's the 2012 summer drink anthem! "Just got mine! Thanks Tino"
On the road back to ATL. Lovely weather. Kids riding well and I'm getting some work done. Can't wait to get home!
A small volume might give a wonderful account of the medieval world but would you know what Anselm wrote? It is worth knowing.
Beautiful note from my mother today, too filled with positivism not to share: "Good morning, my sweetness. Make today a beautiful one."
She's Long Gone
Ahh The Lucky One was amazing!! Zac Efron was incredible in it.
It's weird to think I was just 13. Time goes by too quick. Anyways how are you?
it's not my favorite anyways :P
1 More Day Of Hell.
Hey Ralph, sent a couple of emails, would love 5 mins on your show to talk 3D, future of graphics, and all things geeky
producing or shooting
I wanna drink the breast milk from your Avi. preggo slut
#liber2011 Luce: "Culture eats strategy for breakfast every single time." To make significant change, must focus on culture change in orgs.
At #Museum of the Moving Image in Astoria.
had a fun time at the BEACH BOYS concert in Raleigh last night y'all! Was kinda disappointed UNCLE JESSE didn't perform with them though...
trying to make someone else happy when they don't want to be is hard. But I don't accept failure.
Thank you! ♥
Is your moon extra big tonight, or are you just happy to see me
I'm going to just start eating coffee grounds and downing with a little water. Sleep is overrated!
Ed was in Boise today, why weren't you?!
I got you.
Signing today at HMV Central! My last thing to do in Hong Kong. I have had such a good time! #hongkong -- Greyson Chance ()
Someone in our office is rocking the Whitney Houston, hard.
Now that's what I'm talking about !Hope we can help you again this AM! Gotta say, today was a good day thanks to
The gods too are fond of a joke. ~ Aristotle
Thanks for the RT! See you at the next game.
Wow, you don't know what you're talking about in any of the past ten or so tweets you sent out. Unfollow, baby. Yeah ah.
Just got my first ever set of cufflinks in the mail today...feeling like a little kid on Christmas morning!
I feel like my mother is here making me eat my oatmeal. never again will I go with maple and brown sugar. will stick to strawberries & cream
Policies are many, Principles are few, Policies will change, Principles never do. -John C. Maxwell
So it is *emphasizing* Julie. *Standing, pulling on my jeans* And just what are we going to do about that?
I'll try my best to be there... (winky face)
Most r packers fans...next rt : Tim Skubick: Michigan senator wants Detroit Lions to play Green Bay Packers in Upper Pennisula
sorry those are mine
...like really?
Shooting w/ 50mm can be akward - u are so close 2 people who can be emotional, but its small enough where they don't mind
Yay off work!
address unknown
Including today, only 8 more times I have to come to this stupid class...
Walgreens has white cheddar popcorn.
That's some good music. Miss you too! cc
no kidding. I think he dissed us.
"Despite All Odds -- Celtics vs Lakers in 2012 NBA Finals"
TODAY in my 'hood: #Parkland Neighborhood Improvement Association hosts community-wide yard sale from 8am-2pm at 28th & Hale
Are you the Teri Christopher who used to my boss (production coordinator) on the set of "Hearts Afire"? : )
Thanks for the follow, guys! We're huge fans!
Can't trust anyone
#IfOnly you knew
Today only: Full priced Hot Box & one of our famous TShirts(s-xl) for only $21! B1G1 Sludge Bars! $8 Chef's Choice Dozens! Pickup/Delivery!
good point. Thinking of how much IT has changed in 18 months...the iPad only came out 2 years ago!
Decisions.....Decisions.....Decisions..
Last of the Mohicans!
Will be here at least til 9.
Internet connection has dropped 1 zillion times today so no more email. Straight up old school calling w/ responses & no ones answering
Gonna say happy almost a mothers day whenever I see a woman buy the plan B pill
Sitting here watching Beverly hills house wives .
RT : If you're in Gainesville, the coaches' polos are $15 and select hats are $3 at the UF Bookstore.
On a behind-the-scenes tour of Smithsonian Natural History's Global Volcanism Program.
ya bru not talking about you we good
Dear Alberta Darling, stop wasting your Koch money on mailing me fliers. I will be voting to recall you. FYI.
Wish I was there
Hi Gina, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
aw. i hoped you had taken an interest in my well being.
It's unusual to see an alive raccoon walking down the middle of the road.
Still waiting for u to notice my tweets and someday choose to fallow! Lol. Have a great night! Peace!
Meta: fascinating to watch someone else do mid-level (c) education to library audience. Techniques, metaphors, even "stage persona"...
It's crazy how many GREAT people I know. It surprises me each and every day :)
left wing/right wing - both meaningless cliches.
Love spelled backwards is evil "evol" -Patrick
Understand Ur Girl's Silence, Because Sometimes It's Her Loudest Cry.
ah! It's similar to hunger games. Kev is reading the book and really likes it so far!
recovering from an epic visit to with and some representatives from Bushmills (try the Honey!) & Johnnie Walker.
he than slammed Gasol ass twice this game smh ohh
Enjoyed meeting with and the team yesterday. is working on some innovative projects!
its gonna be hot
We like gea*!
So I have to tell u merry Xmas no way what the hell is related to me???!!!!
sure I have class til 240. But let me know. :)
I think I'll smoke one more bowl before work
Thanks a lot! Yeah, I could have used another hour or 2, but I guess that teaches us to keep to the salient points.
That's Awesome
not fine dining, great beer, hole in the wall places are good, creative for breakfast is good, one dinner spot gastropub?
Less than 25 left on the show for the week. 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy about NBA, NFL or whatever you'd prefer.
be sure to wave to the YNN truck! Go team YNN!
I'm about to get a bottle of jack and take that motherfucker straight to the dome. Solo getting smashed and writing like crazy tonight.
Got super slammed at work as of an hour ago. Plus boss is here now. Someone DM if there's a Rob sighting haha.
I have a sunglasses tan line.
Good Ole Pastor A.C. Williams - "If you feeling Funny about Yo Money...KEEP IT!
A1. Seattle has pretty thriving food truck scene! RT: Q1. Taking it to the streets...
“: The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda”
same here. drives me nuts!
What Would U Do Wednesday? A reader needs your input! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog.
I'm sorry! 😥 I don't even remember you texting me!
eww -- think ill stick with beer for that ;-)
A Facebook and Twitter page with good content is bait for attracting people to the topic that relates to your biz.
I live in a rural setting and am amazed by the noise level . . . planes flying overhead, traffic, cicadas, chipping Cardinals . . .
: great trip 4 toddlers - trees, sheep petting,play areas. But I'm reminded 3 tots are smarter,faster and braver than 1 me.
Niall you looked adorable today. omg i love you. <333
Lol at peoples perceptions I was told by two players I am the loosest player at the table, but I am the tightest by a mile and they r loose
Spent 4 hrs at auto dealerships today. Customer experience of buying a car is terrible. Opportunity for major disruption? Any suggestions?
Royce White is one good player but he may need a 25+ pt night of Iowa State has any chance. Does have 6 already
way to lay into #AIG jimmy!
true Happy Easter!
"BAGELS! CREAM CHEESE!" Oh #Henry cast, you crack me up.
lol yea I know I barely knew anything about what he asked about and I was like I will make it up if I have to!
Dear Chicago: I'm impressed by the 67 degree weather you're pulling off today. Not many cities can wear 67 in March the way you can. Bravo.
Tues is Burger Night! Get 5 Sonic Burgers for $5.95 total after 5PM. Now that is 1 heck of a deal.That's $9 in savings only@ 8212 Liberty Rd
sigh... cant find my wallet....
“: lol I feel your pain...thank goodness I live alone!” - what are you talking about Kelly?
he makes my stomach feel happy,,
I'm sorry boo... You know you always have an opened invitation.
Actually talked to my dad :)
There's like officially nothing for me to do besides clean the damn house. Ugh.
Yeah, that's how I learned about sex.
doing what we do, screwing who we screw
no missed it
you got that right! Simply Gorgeous
Philly fans are the most class-less fans in all of sports. They all need to get beat to shit.
Nice! He's the best available : #Texans draft K Randy Bullock from Texas A&M at No. 161 overall in 5th round”
Since Friday, I've Eaten Chicken Pizza, Chicken Burrito, Chicken Sub, Fried Chicken, French Fries, Donuts, Ice Cream, Brownies.
yup yup. iMeet isn't until January 2012 :/ I assume we'll get one iCarly episode every other month at the very worst.
well i wasn't going name names! lol
Poor Ahmed Johnson.
I've seen Widespread Panic, Kelly Clarkson & Salt 'N Pepa at the site of the #CNNDebate. Slightly different crowds.
Pilates can be adapted for people at any level of fitness, including those with injuries and limitations.
Was a great lunch. We'll have to do it again!
awesome! I helped on the why archive? thing, which they made into a great little movies
I do completely understand and appreciate that. We're willing to work with anyone who wants to read our stuff. :)
Yeah, not a chair who doesn't want to be a chair and is forced to because they are next in line of seniority.
it's your fault Trey! I had to go download Forever Reign. :)
Middlebrooks has an extra base hit in all 4 ML appearances. Not bad.
RT : Good Morning after a long wknd let's get it!
#ThankYouSteve for giving small business people the opportunity to change the world with mobile apps on the iPhone. Be ever wonderful!
was the place to be last night! 3999 awesome costumes and one terrible one (you know who you are)... OFF THE CHAIN!
need a stick of gum
Those folks are fools. But if someone votes based on single social issue - either side - rather they stay home on election day
its true....no more hhgregg for me
this nigga done split every pole
This is wonderful news! I miss their wine, dips, sushi, and so many more!
#SO #FF #Craft i'm having a bad day, and really needed a smile. Thanks!
#Peace on earth begins @ home. I am now learnin the #truth of that statement
Puck as blaine and finn as kurt = no thank you
Look forward to seeing you all on Weds!
that happened to me this morning :(
Your sliders were amazing! Thanks for coming out to Mega!
I guess it's not for me if I have to ask how you keep yer ta-tas in place.
« Do the things you should, not just the ones you want to.»
Hey thanks! Why not be clever? Makes twitter more fun, I think!
yea you might be a bad bitch but no female should put that label of being a bitch on theirselves
*points at you*
dude are you blogging tel aviv or taking pics for your site?
ya and I was right every time lmao.
No way. that was the best part. Your hand-written message, the non-xmas music and the timing was pristine.
lights out after first 3 batters. The NL Central should be concerned if they ever learn to hit.
Congrats on a great show! Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!
maybe i should try that on okcupid?
Damn, who's the blonde? lol
It's so nice out today. I actually don't mind going walking in central park again.
Dinner tonight is grilled steaks, scalloped potatoes, lemon dill green beans and chopped salad.
Steve Harvey! Okay, It's impressive to have written a best seller, but who nominated Steve as the voice of reason in our relationships?
lol I love you
nothing just bored n u :)
Bill Belamy asked "Who got Jokes?"-- I'm still waiting on my answer. Yes, I have TVone jokes. Shout out to Tom "Thats My Joke Now" Joyner.
I support you biking to work & will give you a wide birth as I pass. But ride in the middle of the road & you're my new hood ornament. Deal?
but really, I'm obsessed with it hahaha
exactly! now if i was expecting orange juice....
Maps unlock seafloor secrets off Oregon
thats true. Without passion for music there is nothing.
Bout to get some starbucks, then get a lil sun, do some work, and then meet up wit the boo for the Heat game tonight...
I aint been banging twitter out latly been having alot of shit going
Very productive day. Excellent night...music, beer, movies and Discovery's Outlaw Empires!
Goodnight. I get my iPhone 4s later.
The person you become 5 years from now will be based on the people you meet the books you read.
You got it babe!<3(:
Yo Mama Crazy! Asshole RT : “: Been Having Some Crazy Dreams Lately” cuz your crazy
where is this video of us?
lot of funny shit happened tonight tipped a stripper a walgreens receipt bitch got mad as hell lol
wishes Brian Baird was my Rep. I don't agree w/ everything he says but at least he has to guts to talk to his constituents.
New neighborhood=wrong turn this AM making my last run before Sunday a liiiitle longer than I planned. #CLEmarathon here we come!!
I have no electricity.
"If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairytales." The one and only Dr. Suess.
There are several who joined today that Twitter cannot locate. Hints on what i can do?
you okay over there miss heat fan, your not rampaging in NY are you
hi gloria and friends
#realtalk I need to learn the importance of waxing #sorry my legs are not summer ready
NEWS OF THE WORLD DECLARES WAR ON VOICEMAIL PASSWORDS
Pawcasso Art Auction this past Sat. was a big success! The 2 pieces I donated were both bought for over 3x my suggested retail value!
Oh man it just hailed on us outside right after soundcheck
Home sweet home :)
Sometimes you got to shut up, swallow your pride and accept that you’re wrong. It’s not giving up. It’s called growing up.
Summer school..
4-3 OLB not worth that high of a pick (Curry, Arrington). Miller always looked like a 3-4 backer to me. Shoulda been Fairley.
Bob: Contemporary preservation movement born as anti-modernism. Hard to get traction to preserve modernist architecture.
listen I'm ready like right now hahaha our football team is pretty stacked tho 👍
Beijing Auto Show: Volkswagen E-Bugster Presages Shape of Drop-Top Beetle
Thanks for the #FF :)
Top gun
Anything to help out an fan !
Thanks for the RT, Joe. Appreciate you taking the time. Online therapy will save people time, trouble and money. Steve
was up was Up :)
#scarymovierulestoliveby If you hear a strange noise, don't go exploring trying to find the source. You're not Dora.
Looks like was not a #blackfriday gimmick - congrats on extremely infectious #advertising!
it all comes down to this !!!
ACTUAL ALERT: RT : Major gas leak at McClintock and Hellman Way near Cromwell Field. Fire Dept on scene. Stay away from area.
fabulous!! smiles Merry Christmans & Happy New Year!!
you're not missing anything...it's horrible
Stoked as shit to begin working on new jams with tomorrow!
We Need To Get To 1000 Followers ASAP, When We Reach Our Goal We Will Raffle Off a $300 Fully Themed PhotoShoot. So Tell a Friend.
Trippy episode of #MadMen. But where's Joan?
Bummed about #SportingKC game. My fault! I bought a new shirt. I didn't do what got us there, but it was pretty hot for a sweatshirt.
Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber.
I LOVE IT!!
- It's Int'l Joke Day, I would love to hear some Funslinging tweets, may even tell a few myself
a bus just drove by a bus that said Chicago pizza tour!
Have you made a bucket list? I think I'm finally at the point in life where this makes sense.
too bad!
summer is here... first softball this thursday.... oh yea...,
This Sunday, I am going to do some Shakespeare with my friend Mathew Brenher! Very excited!
Nice...wishing you many "aha" moments and no dry spells. Happy Writing!
look out 4 my new mixtape called #Ready4It it drops this month. Hosted by max b! We got a banger on there called "wavy 4 life"
Happy mothers day to the world's greatest, sweetest, funniest, most inspirational mother - my hero :) I love you mom!
Oh, 2 A.M. already?
how cute! hahaha! x
me to but I'm gonna get a torta instead
Yes! Just let me know (: RT : is home ! Yay we need a hang day ! So much catching up to do I missed her
Stress plus aggravation plus lies= exhaustion >.<
which one did you finish?? I am in need of a new book too....
Haha you can do it! That patience is key! You can't make em do it hahaha (too bad, right?)
Actually I've only ever been for drinks & snacks but I hear great things! Their chef's table in the herb garden looks ridic!
Good thing we put up our screen windows yesterday so i can open up all the windows and blast my music #summer :)
don't forget beer and bacon (what could be better?) at tonight!
That's good of Ron to recommend me! I feel honored! :-)
when you retweet#adamschefter its usually customary to say so with more than quotes.
m so jealous! Love the smell of garlic anything! #kissmeImItaliantoo!
": I also love how the rich got richer for the Giants and Patriots, last seasons 2 super bowl teams" And the Pack, scary.
Its not what u know its who u know to get a job. Its what u know that lets u keep it. Substance is important
On a Tuesday. Really?
RT : Prosecutrs to charge ELEVEN #FAMU students n connectn w/hazing death of #RobertChampion, openly #gay drum major
Ah, the memory of an elephant lol
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
I want more trees in my life.
lol I was there at the very start when it started at 8am :P
I'm eating a whole bowl of popcorn using only my tongue:p
let's get slutty.
I'm onto your shady ass....
I went over my credit card limit this month, but my credit score went up. I could spend a lot more if it helps.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, and always with the same person.
My Phones Been On Lebron Mode All Daay, Smh :P
Really 9 I don't care about Michael Jackson's doctor's sentencing. Put my Damn soap back on!
Going to play softball and hit the gym
A military family needs size 6/7 clothes for their son....in a bad way right now. Would anyone have any they are not using?
i am not a hater. i'll show you how to tag people monday at school
Love to hear it! What did you have? RT Just enjoyed a fantastic lunch ~ good as always!
Kid can't even read #billymadison haha
i got a lot of presents today but my mom got more then me but she mostly got wine
im in San Francisco ;-)
i can make it work, if y'all can
haha thanks aaron. yes. i will def be messing with people
I'm glad you liked Zombieland, now I feel more confident in wanting to see it.
Watched Downton Abbey on TiVo tonight instead of college football.
It seems all I need to do nowadays to change the world is sign a petition online. Activism made easy.
Wher Brad and his homeboys hang tonight?? I feel like beatin his ass.
One day I will tell my grandchildren about a time before Facebook, when people went to the gym w/o telling all their friends about it first
RT : Don't look now but we're exactly 3 weeks away from the first pitch on Opening Night at Safeco Field.
Great day with the DAO girls!! Thanks for the hard work!!
talking to my gf on the phone:)
Follow She gives great #recipes, #kidfriendly, and super tasty. Fun tweets for all!
good to know I'm not the only one to have noticed thy little gem
Someone just asked me if.I had a twitch LMFAO Df
aw yeah!!!
Still can't tell the truth we see. Makes you a well of lies.
And that, my friends, is why I wasn't mad when Frank Haith left
can you email me info #taters? Thx - luv ur face
They eventually may become interested in you
Let's get together and quote all the lines! That would be Practically Perfect in every way!
My grandparents was gonna let Melynnie come to dinner with us but her parents would let her.
Well I'm glad I got to see my best friend and my lil cute twins!! Now it's time to shower and sleep... goodnight y'all!!
SAVE AMERICAN DAD!
Thanks to for representing us at #sojam2011 this weekend. You rock, Mike!
Grab a hand full of walnuts for a nutritious snack that has 90% of your daily req. for Omega 3 EFA, the perfect brain food!
Love Barrilito Rum too! : Don Q seems more popular on the island”
well let me lnow whem ypu are home so we can party.
I assume you are going back to the East Coast for Thanksgiving? If not, Ill be in LA!
So ready for bed.
Just finished Super Sad True Love Story, and now a stranger starts selling me on the post-human benefits of fighting free radicals. Eerie.
Are we about to get wasted, pretend like we are 21 and go dance our asses off at the vogue... YUP:)
So proud of the kids at today's concert! Humbled once again by the work we are doing and the goals we are accomplishing.
has returned for Round 2 of voicetracking.
lmao how cute
Did you have it pre-installed from the beta weekend, or are you installing the entire game?
I saw her, too! Epic mullet.
This is one good game #Bruins need to score.......
- This Massage Chair Got me Horny! l0l.
Snl will never be better than last nights episode and especially manning's "thats how I throw a grenade" moment!
Thank You for the follow! I look forward to connecting with you.
it was cool to see it fly by. It would be cooler knowing another one is en route to space.
Just got reports of some intermittent outages on our website - we're looking into the issue but you should be able to access the site now.
Beertastic day yesterday. Woke up cleaned our whole place and now on to more hw. Six projects due this week and our wildlife field study!
Create in me a clean heart, O God. Renew a loyal spirit within me. (Psalm 51:10 NLT)
Lovely:) I like ur sound.
Kiddo on class field trip. Quote, "I know it's about boring history, but this teacher in my school likes it a lot, so we're going." :-)
Please dont die!
Come on Friday, let's have done with it!
I heart my sister.
ya I'm just intimidated by their accents in there
So ready to graduate
I'm here too! RT : Tuning in to #insights201. Who's with me?
i guess you not dow for no friendly convo its coo tho
Easter is hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.
sexy(; follow? Happy birthday!
This is disgraceful.
Cool, bud.. let's absolutely do that. I might pop in on Saturday at That's Cool if I don't have a session. :)
for real, I need a damn book that the fwb campus doesn't carry.
OMG - based on the 1st 2 tracks, the Daphne Oram Tapes may be the greatest thing ever... very much digging the current cackling
Game was NBC Sports Network and not shown on MSG. No Rosen/Micheletti. Home game not shown on home network.
Eat more protein during the day to stay fuller longer- pack nuts or avocado as a snack so you skip the break room pastries!
If any of you want to heavily influence my march madness bracket would be much appreciated :)
Good night NM!
On the grind til 5 then show feat. B Mc C at Maple Tavern in the Grove at 9! Make sure ur there tonight n if u need directions hit me up!!!
#OperationDarkFoxx has turned my pillow orange.
I like blessing people when they sneeze.
just got off the phone with jag.Now on myspace talkn to ray-ray.
I need some contemporary art/design-themed cat stuff for tomorrow's Cat Break at Any ideas?
You rap. He raps. She raps. You've got bars. Everybody is a rapper. Are you making money from it? Do you have fans? IS IT YOUR PASSION?
cool dude
Hum, what to do tonight???
USA life RT High horny and about too at drunk lmao Amsterdam life
follow back? :'D
no its our
Looking forward to playing tonight for Gilbert Castellanos quartet! Starts 8 PM Tickets on sale from $12-$15 www.dizzysjazz.com
ONLY IF YOU WANT TO ! (:
RT : Who do you want to see ? Tell us for a chance to win tickets! Tag #IAWTVatSTAPLE and #Austin to enter! Contest ends 2/24.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy
Hey ...do you wear #inov8 shoes??? If so, I would love to see a photo of you sportin' some!
Trying to connect with other marketing companies. We can get ur clients a page 1 rank in 24 to 48 hours u can rebrand my services
awesome! I've never heard Two Door Cinema Club though. Definitely worth checking out?
Enoteca is a great place to have a glass of bubbly and watch the oscars!
love you guys but your short staffing really stresses your servers & guests. Wine glasses empty for awhile now
Noticed that Lopez was on the TV on mute midway through a hulu show
I look forward to my unit testing discussion meeting all week, and this week it's canceled! At least I have #sqlsat118 on Saturday
You would...
yawn? are you serious? that album is hot RT : 2 songs in to nicki minaj's album
hahahaha, I know! SUCH a good laugh :)))
I see Nashville Fashion Week is next week! Who's going?
We had classes this AM and couldn't attend your #DCCashMob. Congrats on its success.
thanks 4 checking out my videos...working hard to improve daily...I'm only 10 so I got lotsa time :)
there aren't many of us... Like finding a diamond in a haystack :) good luck with whatever is next and keep me posted!
Tom, welcome to #CreativeGood. Any questions, let us know. cc
both. he made me take a hot bubble bath when I got home from work. He had my favorite candle burning and bath ready :)
I was at that game. It's seared into my memory.
I Hope You Feel Better!!(: && Thank You❤
Goals for last 3 days of research trip: complete interview ?s, organize 2 more photo sets, install closet organizer, learn to drive Bobcat.
Iasked if you were ok & you said yes .
I miss playing AngryBirds
idk. I'm sure you can contact them about that.
your roommate and Agnes and Oliver
welp... I'd like to see you smoke a substantial amount of weed and turn down a cuddle sesh with a bearded dragon.
Other #lesmisindy perfs going as scheduled. I'm on Butler campus now, heading home, & there are a gazillion cars in the lot, so yay!
Bout Makin Bread
YOU'RE HOT
ooh yeah thumbs up to gucci.. he goes hard.
Sneezing before your mascara is completely dry = big, fantastic mess
Bwhahahah.. sorry that just made me giggle.. really loud. RT : Um...Lightning down?
On the way to PMG Studios to record a track with !!
Truly when it's reported that the #RunAwayTowTruck was listening to
Just tuned into the Clippers Griz game and Gilbert is guarding Nick Young. 2 former Wiz going at it
happy birthday ♥
Satrapi doesn't attack the regime itself, she attacks social taboos that make it possible (micro political resistance, not macro politics)
Show has been awesome so far awesome day!! 20 min to go!!
Beautiful month of Bliss... August. Happy new month tweeps!
If you don't already, follow - she's been an amazing asset to my company and an all around awesome person!
i know... toys just cannot compare to cardboard and pine cones and ribbons. so why do we spend the money?
i told so we waitin on him lol
Parents are buying me dinner from The Ram 
No text . no calls , nothing . But I'm still here thinking about you like crazy .
Thanks , , , , , For your Mentions!! www.facebook.com/socialvideo
Lol shut up
You're going to make me blush ;)
RT : Everyone go like our page on fb. Once we reach 500 likes (fans) we will give away a free photoshoot!!
RIP to the one and only Teena Marie aka Lady T (1956-2010), you were 1 of a kind. Thank you for your love, your music and everything!
I've just been arrested by the sex police. what horseshit
What if we've never been to Memphis? Will you ship random people classy stuff?
Check out our bluebonnets while ur here, they r beautiful this time of year :)
Sometimes I think there's a monster who lives in my stomach and that's why I'm hungry all the time.
#PetPeeve People who can't spell but always typing.
Starbucks playing Will Smith's "summertime"...two women in L. Vuitton waiting on their drink thinking this is a little too hardcore. Funny.
All signed up for that 7K run u should sign up too...free Bucket afterwards first we run then we get lucky
#omg #DC #weather is so amazing today. Let's talk about it ad nauseum. Omg omg omg
An uplifting morning!
Mutltitasking hurts performance but makes you feel better
Good Night Twitter!!!!! :)
A kid I work with now is a Natural Born Creeper. Solid skills.
Only 2% of venture-backed cos. are founded by MBAs? Yikes.
This game at MSG is gonna be super live
"Some things need to believed to be seen" via
Purchase a VIP pass for the summit! Your pass will include VIP lounge access, preferred seating on stage wings and floor, VIP Speaker...
THE GRINCH
Were you hoping for a more investigative, in-depth tweet?
How sweet of you! I'll see about renting a trailer! Thanks! :-)
New song is so angry. Who wants to hear it?
Lol ok gotcha. :)
Having a hard time finding a booth, so I'm taking 10 with a decaf coffee at
Thx for the RTs! We're at 473. Need more!
- thanks for the follow. Hope you're enjoying some #PDX sunshine today!
I love when somebody tells me that they have a good feeling about me.
This pigeon flew along side me. It's wings were flapping perfectly in time, with the shaker, in the song I was listening to! #awesome!
is busy in the studio!!!
Friends inform me that it is actually Battleship directed by Peter Berg and not Transformers 4 directed by Michael Bay releasing today.
Bitter Cold Long Run!
Stop by the career center this morning and chat with me!
You can't tell from the log, but DEVIL'S DUE has a female protag, too. :)
This is welrd
All the resources we need are in the mind. -Theodore Roosevelt
Hey, I never met you.... And this is crazy, but here's 's twitter... So follow her maybe? ;)  4
If U WHINE enough!! RT : Geez! I had 4:15 on top of that...I ain't getting' no massage!??
TY! RT : RT : The reason some people have no room for wisdom is because they are too full of judgment.
I'm an inter-reactor. I'm reacting to your post and need the BeautifyMe. Thanks
Congrats Kirk Cousins best 3 years of being a Spartan fan
You also have to check out the 4 gusty girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com & follow them on their journeys!! :)
Interesting if true
I'd say we play somewheree in the range of 745- 930. Not sure yet.
Woohooo!! Can't wait to have you!! Who else is ready for #UC2016 ?! RT : READY TO BE A BEARCAT2012
My point not about fluff but control of narrative. I find it interesting sex tapes are considered valuable when made public.
Derrick Rose is overrated. His team had multiple chances to win a must-win. The MVP stunk it up even worse than Durant did.
Hahahaha nick cannon twerkin on americas got talent
Be sure to check out Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66!
where do I preorder
I love have in my ear ifeel so happy and makes me wanna get up on this bus and start dancing. Lol. Not a good idea
Great presentation from
TFTF trill & chill girl!
#RIPMCA I'll be pouring out a little bit of my Brass Monkey for you tonight.
just thought about sticking OKC's Perkins, then thought hmm sponsors.
Charles Mokriski: foreign educated and admitted attys must be allowed to register as inhouse counsel of foreign corps--they are vetted
Babysitting and the kid hates me. They said he loved everyone.
Oh, you drank one of my Pepsi's? IT'S ON BITCH IMMA RIP YO MUTHA FUCKIN' WEAVE OUT!
Thx 4 the follow. Please tell everyone u know, and help us find these guys! Do you love the music? Cheers!
The whole year's plans are made on New Year's Day. 一年の計は元旦にあり。
Seeing the beautiful library spaces of NYPL makes returning to my Dismal Cube even harder.
getting ready for KW's reunion — leave bright and early tomorrow!
I love my Mama. Just got her Mother's Day present. <3
Grand Slam! went H.A.M. Braves taking it all this year.
Come to the tea house today and wish Connie a happy birthday! (her birthday was yesterday, which she celebrated with a day off)
Do you know who that author is or what credibility (s)he has, regarding college sports?
Now I can't fall asleep :/
Great symposium at TU celebrating Woody Guthrie's centennial. Now the gala concert - Melloncamp, Roseanne Cash, Lips, LaFave, Hanson, more!
sorry to hear this. I wish your mom well
Facebook and now twitter. Hack city. Please ignore "spiders" and "blogs that said something bad about you."
#DontYouWish would DM you one day and started havin a conversation w/ you <3
Ok I got my work cut out for me.
There are winners, there are losers and there are people who have not yet learned how to win. -Les Brown
Most Popular Korean stars in 2012
Sushi at CRAVE.
#notgoingout in this pouring rain!
That mini heart attack when you send a text to the wrong person... 😳
why do you think they changed the name from Department of War to the Deptment of Defense?
what do you mean? Henry has been here for a while.
hahaha, for sure. i'm really fired up. thanks so much!
hope you had a great night!
Reunited and it feels so good!
making this a solo trip...dont have time for this
KG is nice. He 1 a my fav guys too. iUse ta b a huge VC fan bcuz of how he dunked lol
I had carrots with dinner it reminds of louis :P
Hey Brent, hows it going down there in SD tonight. Anything fun going on
This sounds terrible, but I am legitimately afraid of anorexic people.
Weighed in at 150 lbs....Feeling fit and ready....Thanks to everyone for your support.
Its Monday Morning. Forgive me if I grunt excessively.
Mark your calendars, New Yorkers. will be back at Rockwood Music Hall on June 2nd.
Speaking of hearts ...Can I have yours?
OMG! Andrew Bynum is finally beginning to believe.
They have Peanut butter vodka now?
The number one thing stopping you from being successful is YOU... Period... Stamp it on your forehead. We all get hammered by life, some of…
what up guys are yall happy ja rule and 50 cent have the same friends and the fact beef is fading out of hip hop in general
Join our Irvington Green Initiative for All About Upcycling and find out how some local businesses are converting 'trash' to 'treasures'.
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your experience and opinions of Wal-Mart? Ping back for more info! :-)
two under mentioned challenges of trying to do public archaeology by social media!
lol well as long as the heat don't win I'm happy :)
Anyone else think that it's weird that the poeople in the movies never go to the bathroom?
your a fine girl what a good wife you would be but made it clear, no harbor was their home
LOL! Thanks, that's close to where I live, so it's a big help. I'm by Target and that street gets plowed a lot.
You all can #eat my boogers!
Brianna probably is sending them porn..
Hey jasmin just noticed u had a twitter O_O
as a longtime fan of wiz #rollingpapers is disappointing..except "on my level" n "rooftop"
Gwinnett Tech. Do you have school now?
well no one is around me I'm all alone lol
Jerk chicken & oxtail wit
We gotta expand...I think other cities are ready for us
Been outside tanning with my Mom for what seems like hours now. The sun is so addicting!
Agreed! You should come to NEOUPA meeting on 20th. Lets meet up next week or so if your free.
16k in #wsopchester Table just broke (we) and I hope to collect on my new table
There is a whole lotta unfortunate cleavage in our nation's capital.
Giants Came to Play!!! Great half!!
(Ralph Waldo Emerson) Eloquence is the power to translate a truth into language perfectly intelligible to the person to whom you speak.
!!! RT : Recording the SNAILS EP right now!!!
- My favorite team / team I associate most with is the Mavericks. They did worse haha.
who do u think dip shit !!!
Uh yeah!
Cool - intro to hashtags
Np, Pierce The Veil - Kissing In Cars
okay so today i was a bit horny and i couldn't find my blow up barbie so i fucked a fruit loop and i got stuck! help! -eugene
ok, I'll try to come by :)
cause u said its not that mind blowing but that is why i said 'mindblowing' the whole ' ' or " " makes it not mb. lol
I've been wanting to play the board game too! and this is why we get along... and why we should get boozed up and play it.
"Can I have the electronics department?" NEWSFLASH THE WHOLE STORE IS YA MORON
Thanks for
The Circle of Life will forever remind me of haha
what is the meaning of this word...idea?
Jamming to paramore so much earned me the nickname "Riot"
Yes, Caro's massive LBJ bio could have been shorter by a third. But then it would have been written by another author.
ugh frustrated with this Sky thing !!! Too bad it wasn't Jana that went volcano diving :)
James Jones holdin' it down!!
I think you can bear going to one place every once in awhile that doesn't have a bar.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
❒Single ❒Taken ✔ I'm saving myself for
Wanna win a 51' tv from Paul's tv? Text "TUNE" to 25543 right now
happy b-day! Hope its great :)
I hate you Peyton Manning.
we already went and saw my dad and i screamed "WHO IS THAT STRANGE LOOKING MAN?!" and he turned around and said "ewww"
feel the same way
Ha. Twitter run by Ravens fan?
I hate Boston so damn much. Glad to see them lose.
True or False - Mac computers can not get a virus....
Top 10 reasons to launch or expand your biz in #Buffalo: Reason No.9: Niagara Falls, the Niagara River, Lake Erie, lush countryside.
let me see you workout for me workout for me
What happened to the So Listen video?
o.m.g the he had it coming glee vsn is so good <3
Movie Pass should start paying you for their marketing ;)
MAY 14th IS NATIONAL WOMEN'S CHECK UP DAY!!!!!! GET YOUR CHECK UP AND RETWEET PLEASE!!!
Dare to be different.
middle name I Marcos!!!:o Now do you no?(:
about had a heart attack when Mario said that SO EXCITED!
i miss you buddy!
Considering doing something very bad.
is there food?
RT : The future of
Success is not permanent, neither is failure.
I just finished a 7.59 mi run with a time of 1:14:34 with Nike+ GPS.
on NW Sports Tonight at 6:10 to talk Timbers
I'd love to give ya some tatt work Lady.I'm right here by the Prudential Center in Newark NJ.Keep on doin' you.
hey - how are you liking my #Boston now ;)
Thanks alot rain , yuh fucked up my hair -_- & now my boots are wet !
Game 7 in LA.
We spent the day coaching some very talented high schoolers at Northwestern in Chicago. So inspiring!
At my parents' in West Chester. Can't say no to free!
Today will be unforgettable thanks to and Silvester. Lolol. xD
Gotta Blunt Wit No Weed <<<<<
Hope you enjoyed your Linner. Happy Birthday!!!
I'm still missing Ryan Dunn. Watch Jackass 3 this week and just left me with a heavy heart.
DDing tonight and getting paid.
Much love to for always being so darn good to look at.
Can you confirm that Lin rumor or is pulling our leg?
I am loving the weather, wish it would stay like this the rest of winter!!
thanks for playing OKC. Too bad they stuck you out in the fucking hood - you were in the middle of a shit-hole.
We don’t know how you gauge these things, but it feels like a hot chocolate kind of afternoon to us.
Thank you to all of the wonderful sponsors and attendees for making this year's parade a huge success! We couldn't have done it without you!
Whew! So my cats are not deformed after all?!?!
Try RT (Russia Today) they have a youtube channel & they are a pretty unbias news source if you're interested
I can agree. People who actually play hockey can understand certain plays. I get it all explained by my husband and his friends.
At the game
LOL "I'd rather be the head of a mouse than the tail of the lion" - wisdom by
Have you heard from Sara in Philly?? She has been on my mind and I can't find her on my fb anymore.
You'd get Euell Gibbons's stamp of approval. :) Cactus sounds a lot like bamboo. Lots of uses that one might not expect.
Cheers, Hannah! :)
We are on this world to live, love, and do great things. The little hard times along the way are nothing compared to the big picture. x
congrats! LUV the show!
You should follow me you know :D
As a lecturer, I assume that anything I say in class could be public record. But what about students who speak in class?
Hello! I checked out Droptype a few months back when you contacted me. Site seems down now. Are you still involved in the app?
Abby please inform someone of the comments, Brent Bundridge He has promised to kill Mr. Irsay. Please inform law enforcement
Know this? ...Money can't buy you love. Gop ~Every dollar is influence. The Dollars for #wiunion are for
Cancel my subscription; I don't need your issues.
Oh gosh!!! I love them. That was so cute! Asddgghjsus
Smiles are contagus one leads too another
I just submitted my case, be jealous!
Happy Halloween!
#10thingsthatilike 5 being one direction and 10 being food random but so true
The UK Mockingjay release date is same as US. Sadly, the rumor of an earlier release is not true.
Preparing for the league of dorks baseball draft this weekend in LV. 9 of 10 owners will fly in. Some I haven't seen in ten years
RT : Every day of your life is preparation for the next - what seeds are you sowing today?
Blue Venom my new FAV
that would be tight but i wanna know what are the specs of the iphone 5 before i get hype
I wonder if we're thinking the same thing.
This weekend is about to be hecka fun . (:
If only there were 30 min of commercials per hr it'd be just like the real #TheTicket > "Day in the Twitter life..."
Girls shouldn't make fun of themselves not having big boobs or a butt. They should be happy with themselves.
I jest
Any good movies out right now...?
yup! That's why i love them.. Just sometimes I can't watch them at all lol..
your welcome!
RT : miss you too hun! TX needs more girls!
Hun, That address you gave me is unavailable for shipping, are you sure that is your address? lyy <3
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
": just seems like something you would tell me YOURSELF" I told exactly NOBODY...lol u know how it is
YOOOOO JR SMITHS DUNK >>>>>>>
Happy Easter & Happy Passover to all! We hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday with family and friends. Enjoy!
Just got called a "nigger" by some punk as* then he sped off.. They ain't bout that life!
11.4.1941: Jewish workers in Germany are denied the right to sick leave, vacations, and pensions.
the best part about it is trying to plan a wedding around a green card schedule
Winning is about heat, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
Freaking A! Yukon Cornelius is trending! :) Tis the season!
Kobe rapes a girl cheats on his wife gave Lamar a blow job and the commish for the Nba gets a hand job from him so its an even trade right
First day of work. You're looking at the new face of Rite Aid
yes, yes
Young Niggas run everything.....
Hard to tell from your profile pic, although from our vantage point you favor Rahsaan Roland Kirk.
An erection is like the Theory of Relativity - the more you think about it, the harder it gets.
we all miss jeff conaway and his many stints in celeb rehab...I feel ur pain
Yes! I wanted to shout "hell yeah!" I know I'm not the only one. Maybe I follow too many new-age folk :) cc:
Why did I waste my time.
wasband or wusband. I like that.
our hopes and expectations
My special juice is gunna help me win honey boo boo child!!!
ThinKing about cutting my hair
Having a vision for a company is great, having a team to execute the vision is essential!
The more I hear "Bodies" by Smashing Pumpkins, the more I'm convinced I'll never hear anything like it again.
sort of wish I was at the Highland Games. Rain and all. I need a mealy sausage lunch.
Just one thing to say,and it is: Never give up ;)
I'll be doing a Talk Back with Sistas The Musical on stage at the theatre later this month!
Prose I could wrap myself in. Borrowed a friend's copy, but now have to buy my own.
that's my philosophy for administering Windows Servers. :)
A good book on your shelf is a friend that turns its back on you and remains a friend. ~Author Unknown
she can't stop shitting.
Starting to reach out to local startups in the Philly area to interview about competing companies. Updates will be posted to the blog!
got the most amazing woden carved heals from Bastille Days!
haha i would have gladly accepted right after you received your mvp award
Konk Pack performs in HOUSTON, TX :: TOMORROW Saturday, April 3, 2010 - 8pm !
Lots of plans falling into place for move to Bay area. New office location in Campbell, CA. Should be moved in and ready to go March 26!
Please don't tell me the concert is cancelled becuz of the snow!
I desperately need to grow taller!!!!! If not next year I'm officially a nobadi as compared to the scary Vball giants ...
hahahaha. fair use
I love your tweets tonight. Hahaha
Thanks! Wish you and could come out for it. Next time!
Lakers still big and heavy..you can't count out their big 3
#Meetingofimportantpeople is making a new album!
Design tip of the Day: Do you know where you are saving your files? If you don't I sure won't. Don't just hit the save button!
Has anyone ordered anything from adorama's website? How's their shipping?
Did it immediately turn into gold?
Get me Novak in the game already,Jr need to get on the bench right now
I suck at spelling
Hahaha! RT “: I want to start an all-girl band.”
I've followed my instinct, trusted my support network and taken a risk. This week is all about embracing #change!
I know the news industry. ;) What sounds better? Police told him to leave or he dashed off for a radio interview right after.
I won't be online for 2 days. sorry :( ♥
Don't ask me to re tweet if you don't rt me. SMH
as well as his bio/publicity photo check your gmail inbox.let me know if you need a drop for your show.
but w the old crew reunited i was thinkin some retrorock might happen...
“The leader of the past was a person who knew how to tell. The leader of the future will be a person who knows how to ask.” Peter Drucker
damn ok
Shoutout to and for being the first two followers! Thank you!
Hi ! How are you?Thank you for follow me.
If you seriously say "LLN", you're losing a follower, k.
check that. the horse is 12-1 now.
Things happen. I don't subscribe to -it's for the best, or there's a reason. I'm stoically accepting it and not asking why's.
Looks like April is bringing about lots of changes... New neighborhood, new studio apt.. Next new job...??!!! :-)
idk! Just get ur ass to my house whenever and me and lornaamompala will be waiting
#ARealBoyfriend knows how to treat you right.
Now you should spend an hour having a drink to celebrate 's birthday! Everyone is doing it, right ?
Being happy is a choice, ether ignore the small stuff or be miserable
Wearing high boots and getting a massive itch on your ankle, when driving, is a bad way to start your morning.
All those Oklahomans in matchy ill-fitting tees make me think one thing: vacation bible school.
that's good that u working butch y did I buy an ice cream truck lol I might be driving thru yo hood lol
I love my followers!
Had another amazing time in Cleveland, getting used to driving the turnpike :) Saw aftermath of semi-VS sedan, groceries were only casualty
Some people clearly did not know what the weather was going to look like today before they left their houses
Leg day :(
School time..
I wanna go skydiving
Equal Time trumpeter Forbes Graham heartily endorses Basmati rice
Even though my neighbor spilled red wine all over me, had a fantastic time. Well played.
#StayAwayFromMeIf you think All Time Low sucks
Just curious on why I wake up so early..
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds. - Wayne Dyer
BB let him know whats good with
Wishing everyone a great holiday & Happy New Year! Cruisers - see y'all in 15 days!!!!!!!
Wish I could watch it too
In logan square making these mfrs drinks... & bout to get started cooking a sunday dinner
Heading downtown for round 2 of the Big Buck world championships. Hangin with Travis Pastrana, free drinks and video games holler
no u r
Legal Tip for the Day: Most chapter 7 cases are "no-asset" case, which simply means that you do not have any non-exempt property to be sold
i got one, seems similar to one that went around awhile most should know not to click it.
killed that song!!!!
Did I see you passing by Naked Lounge? :)
CarGo tests the fortitude of the bricks in the RF wall; dives into second with 2-out double and Tulo stepping into the box...w/1st base open
RT : Growth and comfort do not coexist. -- Ginny Rometty, IBM CEO. She's so right!!
Why did dhall decide to put everything on a stick tonight?
Wishing you a great day, full of sunshine and excitement!
Aztecs 24 and 1. They pounded Utah. NFL HOF'er Marshall Faulk appears at halftime. Great night at SDSU.
please share! I don't know what I can wear that doesn't include an offensive headdress or light wash cutoff jeans
He's only been in a handful of scenes, but whenever he's being destructive is a huge bonus.
No, I'm not running any Antivirus, no firewalls that i'm aware of. I'll check my settings, tho. thanks!
haha, i remember the day i met you you were so amazing tht day juss sayennn boo.
#OnlyFatPeople This A Bunch Of Bullshit Im Am Over Wieght And You Skinny Assholes Have No Idea What Its Like To Be Over Wieght So Fuck You!
Awesome. I am A proponent of both charter and public school and I totally agree....it's the environment and standards put forward.
Yowch! Good wishes to you and yours, my friend!
Go,Go,Go
Only 13 days left to take advantage of free shipping on your personalized Slyder Football game!
I hate day light savings time and we don't even change our clocks.
Glad to see one Baltimore team come through this weekend. What a great fanfest.
i love youu<3 please follow me (:
Woohoo! Hi! Nice to meet you, !
I know,like i wish everyone could meet him i really do but awhh i sure will!:) if i go that is<3
Which location do you frequent? The employees didn't know about our special? Please let us know. Thanks!
Good point!
#congrats Flo!! Last day of work before baby is born!!!
Yes it is. RT : The greatest logo ever, of any team, of all time!
What to do now....
I love a 15 yr old guy from Texas who goes on ustream every friday & cheers everyone up! His name is
i just wanted to let you know that you are my hero and to be who i am everyday. Now i am a part of dance club and GLEE club.
how long ago did you teach abroad before you went into IT and where ?
Well I went at midnight with my parents on friday, saturday with parents and a youth sponser, now my other friends wanna go
#LasVegas I've missed you. Are you ready?
love this to itty bits!
Good luck on Tuesday!
power play goal by Bill Thomas at 19:18 of the 1st period. Tied 1-1.
shit so strong you would swear its cologne.
On Pinterest!! #PINNINGatEVERYTHING HA HA HA!!
for sure! Glad you all are getting some nice weather! Enjoy!
Back from one of my favorite weekends with my favorite people!
(okay, you can ignore me now)
thanks! I use blogger, but need a second blog set for a private group & have been curious about wordpress....
Sometimes I wonder, if you get the same feeling I do when we look into each other's eyes.
Sorry you couldn't make it - good meeting! Maybe next time - we shared some FH info with the group.
I cried too, hush!
Getting ready for my 1st day of middle school since I was In surgery recovery wish me luck
so i get out the shower and put clothes on and im wonderin why my outfit not lookin right...and i realize i forgot to put on a bra lmao
Don't forget your incredible beer. Want. Want so much...
tell her they sting so that no one will hurt them. for protection.
I can get you a ride to my house...? That's about the best I can do.
A tweep was recently mentioning a new book on Tesla they were reading… sadly, i lost the note of which book (& which person).
I really don't boyfriend-JB...it's kinda dumb and just blehh.
Wow, Michigan State just looks like a lot better team than the Badgers. Another potential Final Four team for Izzo?
Now crossing over the Mason Dixon, we have Savannah....creating some moisture and blowing down everything in her path.
And here I was worried there'd be fewer ginned-up bursts of outrage over nothing this election cycle.
100% yes. RT : Phelps lives on!!! Congratulations, Brady. Did you name him after the baseball card magazine?
goodnight Thomas ! <3 Deuces ✌
will it be a true iPhone 5 tomorrow or a mere upgrade?
The only person to whom you must justify your work is your character.
i knew you would say that..
I was upset earlier and my mom says,"I think the answer is that you should shut up and start writing."
oh wow when was this taken?
That annoying moment when you're trying to sleep and pass the door, wall, and another door & over my music.. I still hear my dad snoring
Happy Sunday from everyone here at Chispa!
There's this kid named & I love him..<3
actually it was pretty gross I don't want to eat poptarts or hotdogs for awhile :)
for lunch i had veggies and cheese sticks.. sounds good right?
Still Havnt Gotten Me Anything Ta Eat Fina Get Out Doe
Altoona First Savings Bank Counts on SolarWinds Log and Event Manager for Security and Compliance
I have a few phone calls this morning and then I can head over.
I hear that will be giving away #Little500 race & concert tickets tomorrow. Go follow them for a chance to win.
Chipotle for lunch. Feel like I've eaten a brick.
Happy Easter everyone!!!! Family coming over soon :D
You fucked my kindness over! You fucked my fam.i.l.y over and most of all you fucked my <\3 over
E-mail address is ... Thanks.
S/o to all NF.. I always follow back
Co-create one piece of peace a constant intention.
dunno, they had replaced the turf at AA last time I was there...
It appears I have agreed to coach a team of 11-year-old girls for the spring soccer season. Not entirely sure how that happened.
where at? Is it the one in Florida?
lost? follow me! (;
real cool....i remember when i had my first beer!!!!
Feliz Cinco! Why are our people terrible at sleeping in?!
Super early to trivia semi-finals. Sorry #coffee but we think we picked a good seat!
Why is rihanna in battleship? Her forehead is already big enough without them putting it on the bigscreen Sheesh
Hi boyfriend 😍I love you to the 🌟and back !
you should play turn to you((: cause you love meh.
RT You have insecurities/ trust-issues/doubts? ...yeah,
Rainy day #happylist : daylight after work, sleeping with the windows open & coffee.
*Virtual Hug* Love you Mere! <3
Connect with your favorite author on Redroom.com
- my anniversary from going into remission - How awesome is that....thanks for sharing.
Huge thanks to our friends at Queen City Drums for providing drum backline at the festival. Thanks Tim!
Great night celebrating and ! Congrats on the engagement.
Yes, please go Galt!
RT : Municipality just spent $20 million its $26 million snow budget. Pray for rain.
I like how most of the people saying that the judges used #thesave wrong are younger women that are just jealous lol
i dnt have the numba baby new phone
nothing much hbu ?
Thanks! It's beautiful here! :-)
This Sarah Phillips thing keeps getting weirder and weirder.
Lyrical Knockout. Nov. 21st! Coming to an internet near you!
I wish I knew how to sleep during normal people hours...
damn brings back painful memories.
Stop throwing thrash on the ground for someone else to pick up. Also, stop throwing gum on the ground, sidewalks and floors.
U still ugly
Oh yeah you right I am gay "Full of happiness" lmao
too excited for work tomorrow. gonna be a workaholic this summer, and I'm okay with that :)
3/4 of Arneis is off to Puebla, Mexico! Broadening our horizons a bit and playing music by Mexican Baroque composers from Puebla.
Congratulations to Matt Toledo Publisher & CEO of LA Business Journal for completing a 3 day solo bicycle ride from San Francisco to Malibu
Thanks for including :-)
When I get in a great space mentally, and let go of negative self talk, I attract unexpected wonderful surprises. Life amazes me today.
Waiting for "The ugly:" tweet.
Heffa Don't Get Snatched Up Lol
I really haven't seen it. Plenty of non-PC small company behavior. No bros.
Even though kids relate differently to learning than their parents, place is still important.
#somebodytellmewhy we ignore those who adore us, adore those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, & hurt those who love us
I'm in the middle of #2..so good. The Districts start to rebel and the Capitol is punishing them.
You and I <3
#FF Happy Friday - have a funtastically great weekend!
right back at you.
that will make up for prom. it WILL be fun dont worry
just let me know when so I'm there
Ready to go
I would bathe in strawberry greek yogurt w/granola if I could.
that was probably the last caribbean food spot that had plantains in St Martin. lol.
i love it when you call me big poppa
Sunshine and smiles! Laundry and lots of laundry!
lol this all confuses me. Oh well.
I must say. I enjoy watching Paul McCartney. this is cool
Beach tomorrow with my favorite boys :)
oh snaps! I turned around and didn't see you guys. where y'all now?
Uh, I don't remember, mighta gotten it from Lauren. She told me to follow a bunch of people - mainly hockey people.
It's National Dog Week!It started in 1928 to increase appreciation for our furry friends.Are you going to celebrate with your best friend?
wow thankyou :) sub to me and ill sub back yeah? inbox me on youtube :)))))
Christmas isn't just a day.. Its a state of mind.
Tell something good about me,lots of things plz :)
My 1k tweet goes out, as a shoutout, to the greatest woman I have ever known. My wife and best friend
Is it okay to be home sick? :-\
That makes you very awesome:) RT : haha, I'm from Michigan. :)
Let's get to 300 followers a follow for a follow
Love to have you taste, could you complete app at www.TasteTweet.com and I'll get you actual Taster invite info. Thx
Make sure you go to iTunes and grab ur copy of WOP by
Oh I felt so bad after bumpin into you! Sorry about that by the way, I didn't mean for it to be that strong
I am - hope to see you at Fenway tonight!
My cat somehow turned voice over on on my MacBook. Fast forward to me getting in a screaming match with my laptop.
Rivera has twice as many saves as the Red Sox have wins
Typically people who eat fish but not meat call themselves pescetarians, not vegetarians
Thank you Christopher Shyam Kerson. Have a great day.
I have that on my coffee table! Or shall I call it my vodka table?
It's sad how whole families are torn apart by simple things, like a pack of wild dogs.
Phew! I really thought I did a bad twitter thang. Still getting the hang of this world.
Check your inbox for our new Smart Shopper Deals of the Week Email. It's a snapshot of the very best deals from our favorite retailers!
I think it's horrible Vinnie Politan of CNN laughing about a possible Casey Anthony movie deal, that child is being murdered all over again!
Legitimately the happiest human
In the end, we only regret the chances we didn’t take, relationships we were afraid to have, and the decisions we waited too long to make.
#Turbokick tonight at 7pm at the spa dance studio in newark. instructed by yours truly :) 🔥come on out!
Looking forward to class on Saturday, hope you all can make it! We're located at: 10835 Santa Monica Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90025
but really, let's ketchup, are u staying in btown this summer?
Let the craziness begin!
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: The Commons: do we own City Hall? the sidewalks? the police? yes, we share them all ::
Thank GOD for padded bike seats. I don't like it when it hurts down there.....No sir.
waaaite, your not following me. Lol
Happy Mother's Day to all the women that aren't nearly as awesome as my mom
RT : Had great reputation design sessions at workshop w/ & others. Now headed to Denver
We are excited for today's staff lunch at !
-- can't get my bill straight since June, since plan change, even though every months supports swears it is fixed.
shoot us ideas!
Love in an elevator.
thanks<3 but u & ukw were so so so so cute tonight! Like it was adorbs
Bobbleheads and the darkside of baseball promos
I bird shit on me today. Along with everybody else.
For the coolest kid-friendly fun in #SanDiego, #FF to
welp, now I sound stupid lol
ur tweets r for real
Talked to him on the phone . Realized how much i love him and missed him
Hello, lovey... S'up, yo? Keepn busy? Fun time on set the other day, eh? Lovin' this pic ya got here! Nice!!
Fake people ^__^
#MLK and our founding fathers refused to take "No" for an answer. Why should the 99% #ows #occupyburque Stand strong!
*Glances at profile picture* awww but you're so pure >.> Why is it that u can only see the worst in me
When did it get cool to leave a hat on with the price stickers?
thanks brother!!
Clear alcohol is for rich women on diets.
if we're going to do this, we need to go on a date first...for some reason I'm thinking fried chicken?
I will be more productive in April....April Fools!
You are coming out of the land of the lost my love! Here's to another summer of silliness, trips and wiggles ;)
can we expect any accumulation of this beautiful white stuff here in Bloomington?
good luck, best wishes!
Wow my sis is actually coming to church with us, but that's only cuz its easter smh -___-
Q3. Most annoying spammers you've encountered
youre right about the tweeting!... the ray rice and ryan clark twitter war ended awkwardly
Yeah yeah!
With all the recent (and upsetting) developments from , now would be a great time for to send out those invite codes.
we will figure it out. No worries.
I loved The Art of Fielding, too. Great Hitchcock quote.
Tell them to get the $200 Season Ticket so they can ensure tickets to that game!
I'd like to invite you to follow my page, I'd sure appreciate it!
So many movies coming out soon that I want to see! What are you guys wanting to see??? 🎥🎥
I'm bout to head over
can you walk me somewhere , Margret Oxthodox . beauty store
six more weeks.
The last 12 years I've not been making any money on the #KyOaks #KyDerby double. So I have
hahah wow. ITS A LONG CORD
Forgive me father for it has been 17 years since I attended mass on a Tuesday this late in May.
welcome to twitter! Let us know if you have any questions! Have a great weekend
In other words meeting George Lucas is a once in a lifetime event that is both incredibly disappointing and insulting
Filipino men can't get enough of me!
I THOUGHT I KNEW YOU, KELLY.
Much thanks to and for following :)
Big Ben post coming later on, also a post about the Pens priorities, and a lot of Pirates stuff. Thanks to everyone that reads the blog
Everything looks so beautiful, covered in snow.
That rehearsal was so terrible... I don't think that man was a real conductor. “: trebles”
Junior seau shot dead at home Rest in peace, that's fucked up
You are the only person that takes me serious.
Thanks and welcome to all our new followers & of course, thanks to those of you who have been here from the beginning! We appreciate it!
umm haha only slightly #sketchy haha is gonna record that one on her phone too. -_- haha
Reminder, *free* coworking with cool kids (www.koffeetherapy.com) in Mount Vernon, tomorrow Friday, midday!
So, apparently, you can prostitute on Craigslist under the "Personals" section. Why am I just learning this?
i'm not, mainly because of the time issue. though i often feel i should join for the prices and philosophy of the whole thing
How is it that I am ready for bed earlier on a friday than weekday nights?? Oh that's right exhaustion plus alcohol. Goodnight folks!! ;)
go to settings and then account and then username :D *
stinks to lose it, eh? Oh, well... Onward! ;)
Is the glasses-free 3D laptop ready for prime time? - CNET
Attention August 29 Classes are Cancelled, the College Offices are open. Classes will meet as schedule on August 30.
Thanks. You've certainly given me good dream material. :-)
#ghlive Finally see a person with a light now. But where did it come from before?
Couldn't find the RTE lite app. Where?
#RHOA Get ready to get her together
yes and mostly just for you :D
DM me the acct tel #, i'll take a look at the issue
That and late-season skiing and more water for everyone
#FF because I had an amazing conversation with her this week about how kicks ass.
What is your favorite music genre(s)?
wait wait wait I got it: Game of Beerlord Thrones?
? MT Rumor of assassination floating around; no conf. RT : Hearing word of #NorthKorea coup. Kim Jong Un on the run.
There is never "enough" love.
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased. It can only be accepted.
If You Are Looking to Get Business Online – Know Your Goals! If You Are Looking to Get Business Online – Know Your Goals! Every savvy bus
Austin, TX makes Forbes: 10 Best Cities For Weekend Vacations: onforb.es/qbsRvA Or stay awhile! SolarWinds Job Opportunities: bit.ly/iDJpL0
Sometimes u just have to break the rules for fun :)
Girl ask kid "Whats Love?" Kid: "Love Is When A Puppy Licks Your Face" I laughed but then he said: "Even After U Left Him Alone All Day".
Thanks for coming out to on Tuesday night to sing and hang with me and !
*grins* hope some of your students thank you today for all you do to help them write and think well!
I went shopping with mom, and made cake pops with niece today. The holidays = quality time with the fam. Love it. Happy Thanksgiving!
Mobile Adventurer Endorses The Ride! Big Time!
Encouraging residents to pay their HOA dues can prove to be a challenge. Here are a few tips, which are proven to assist your association i
hope and max
take it off!
Doing live show with Len Mailloux - on-air with Sierra Leone and Ghana AT THE SAME TIME. Let people know to tune in now?
glad you both had fun! :)
Now I'm all, "The LAST PAIR? Other people put their smelly bare feet in these and stretched the display one more than it's mate GOD."
I want to be the next female body builder. C'mon, I'm compact and bulk easily. LoL! Alright, alright - I'll ask !
Follow me on Instagram Iridianquevdo ;) ill follow back I just made one lol
we need to have a puppy play date soon!!!
Check Engine Light? No Problem. At Express Lube we'll scan your vehicle for FREE. Visit www.ExpressLube.com to find a location near you.
I really wish Hubert Davis would quit saying players are "great penetrators."
HELP US GET 5 MORE FOLLOWERS TO HELP #FINDACURE!!!! WE FOLLOW BACK
Sign up, we can fly in together and be roomies! Or we could hit up one of those one day workshops for high falls in NY.
Team work and beer sesh!
Just finished my exam and sermon. I received 100% on both! I will graduate from my 2 year ambassador Bible training program in 2 weeks.
Clippers in the playoff
This weekend I will continue to work on my ish.
what time?
As it should have been from beginning (or exclude Marquette) too RT : #badgers allow Uthoff to contact any school outside Big 10
Tonight! I will be rocking in Atlantic City. Hosted by -
“: I need one of those... Yes support black businesses”<<send your size & it's yours!
Good thing for me I'm allergic to purses.
Now I know what it means when people say Felipe is disinterested defensively.
You, me and our #ipad2 's. Saturday 4/23. Your local.
I can read your mind babe, I know what you're thinking.
Who will be at Hot Chips?
Consider it done!
Proud of the team and coach they gave'm all they wanted ...Anthony Davis is crazy good
Ausiello just mentioned it too! Exciting if he ever gets around to tweeting relevant things. LOL :)
And no! Im not jumping on the bandwagon, I've always wanted a banjo!
my favorite song on the #UnderratedEP would probably be "memories of you" (:
#NYCSportsReport: Crushing It: The New Jersey #Devils & Even Strength Possession in the 2012 Playoffs
and if you wanted to talk to him, you'd do the same? Or the rules don't apply...?
just passed something filming in Belmont... hm
Excited to hear Bob Negen of WhizBang! Speak today at the Washington Retail Roundtable!
": On this day in 1862: Slavery is abolished in Washington, D.C. #p2history #civilrights"
Smooching ass hoes, get your own shit & stay out of mine , thanks :)
Apologies delayed on the Late night happy hour Crazy here. $3.50 skyy O bombs, $5 Tall Absolut cocktails & $5 grape n stoli o lemonade tall
I think it goes for any airport... People watching is amazing
ALL FOOD IS "SCRATCH MADE" AT SOME POINT. I hate Fieri.
People cant repay student loans if they never get their prof. licenses bcuz of unlawful discrimination in/by licensing entities
hahaha you're dumb I miss you though :(
Is it cool if I come with you baby?(; #SaySomethin <3 (: #BestSongEver :D
"Like any of that's enough to stop the Dark Master-- bater." - Xander
Weekend get here already!!! ☺
then whats the big deal...
Holy shit, man. Let it fucking go. Do you really need to spam this several times a day? Copyright laws. Chill the fuck out.
Had a dream I was on a lockdown with Haha
the family should file a lawsuit against the Sanford police department and a wrongful death against shooter
Awk moment wen the bomb sniffing dog stops &smells my knee caps and I don't have a bomb lol
What happened? 'Apparent lack of functionality?' Technical issues or otherwise?
Half of me is like...great lets kill the #Cubs...and the other half is like...do we even have starters for the weekend? We should save runs.
Thanks to & I'm about to crack the cover on Angels of the Deep by - let the adventure begin!
Last week was 'interesting'. Time for a mid-year fresh start.
Don't be mad
Drakes Coffee Cake, Duane Castro, Jackie Chiles, Eduardo Chorrochio
right like for real
Tashia & Lakeytha were the only non lightskin black girls ive kinda liked
I miss mine sometimes, bc the call quality can't be beat. But I like the simplicity of one number...and the price.
Can't wait till Valentine's Day!
If it not made in Kentucky then it is not bourbon.
you get tickets for this mornign babe? x
Hopefully we'll have someone at the dinner #colorAcause but we'll def have people at the event!
I'm not 😡 at U Im mad at da fact dat u offered me BBQ ribs right after I got done jogging 2 miles.so me 😡 at ribs currently @ 9:51 5/18/12
decked out in camo today and playing well...also apart of my fantasy team for the week: Phil, Rory, Bubba, Jason Day, D Johnson
Tim - My undergrad is in poli sci. I would have loved to have a conservative professor, but you are correct, there are few
Happy Birthday! Long time, no see.
. is on sale today through Thursday to celebrate Better Speech & Hearing month! Save $6 by downloading the app for only $13.99
Fliers/Penguins game is a literal bloodbath
Auburn Cord Duesenberg will be hosting the National Association of Automobiles Museums conference. we are designing tees for that as well
who steals at weddings??
Some great #FF folks
Hey G when are you back in Indy? Be good to see you brotha!
Happy Father's Day! "Any man can be a father; it takes someone special to be a Dad."
Happy Birthday:) see you at firefest!! Please watch our set!!
Emily! Thank you darlin!! (: I miss you sweets! (: love your profile picture! Love you<33
shump will only get better. I love his game and tenacity.
Talent Show Tomorrow. So Excited! :{)♥
Hey Louis!!(:
I've noticed that since the weather has been so nice I've been dressing cuter, and I haven't been in a bad mood 
briefly about...
Just found the perfect patio for the summer the port way tavern
yep, my brother. How do you know him?
If you like coffee, sprinkle finely ground coffee on cheddar cheese, then have your favorite cup of Joe with it. Before you heave try it.
I thought that this episode was a little strange, but the last few scenes made it awesome!
Give you this, give you that Blow a kiss, take it back.
i know thats shit now, wish when you are going to stop toking about that fucker
We've got to be innovative during this challenging times. Innovative solutions to meet the bigger needs of our users.
I'm so glad you found a place! Fells or Fed? I'm sorry you're missing your place. :(
Another Great Meal at my favorite new restaurant in Alpharetta.
Favorite part of Social Media is how we can interact w others building relationships n friendship, while helping other
well i havent prank called u duude like i swear....... and i do no meehhbe where that came from . prankdial.com
Happy Monday! May we all have a productive week ahead!
LOL. You're wild. Too funny.
About that time i suppose
we enjoyed your films at El Cid WED night! Funny stuff!
I placed 2nd and will continue on to the division s contest. Just found out 1st place winner actually had 30 yrs experience.lol
So your fone is your baby ?
Will you be working for Mugatu?
"We're just playing one on one pong"
Luke 10/'7 Minutes of Authentic Prayer" -
so am i :D
seriously, who has business cards with no #
When it rains it pours
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight. RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
#IWishYouKnew what being real is all about
CBS Sunday Morning doing story now on prison reform, disproportionate # of blacks... story includes Florida's Gadsen County & St Quinton
Get our #capandgown today. Where has time gone
I am adding them back in. Finished pulling hair out, then found the google docs problem.
WHAT DID YOU DO?
You don't just mix random teas together! Lol.
hahaha for sure twitter is mostly used for hatin on kentucky
This was unlike the story it was written to be. I was riding its back when it used to ride me.
Lol RT : Y.O.L.O. = You're only loved online.
Internet dating leads to internet marriage..
I'll take the over if it's shots taken...
please bring us more Spy stickers soon!
BEER FOR MY HORSES - TOBY KEITH W/WILLIE NELSON
Gonna get all dressed up and head out to the big ol' Wal-Mart to buy some stuff...then heading over to my honey's for the weekend. Yay!!
Thanks for joining us at -- your insights were useful and provocative
what about online?
You aint got no pancake mix bitch
": shut up sis :)" First off I'm your "SIS" now? :O and second YOU shut up :p
A good producer can do anything. A Great producer won't allow himself to do JUST that.
Save the date! The second annual Canton #Wine & Jazz Festival is Sat 9/25/10. www.cantonwinefestival.com
You have a feel on which way this young man may go Mr Demling?
CEO Chris Artinian will be discussing the state of the steak on now with
Hey amiga :D
Books, a blanket, the porch swing, and the night sky. Home is exactly what I needed.
Is Tony dead or alive?
follow back!?
Instead of talking about how irrelevant the Grammy's are, just don't watch or talk about them, thereby making them ACTUALLY irrelevant.
Rain, you need to stop. I need to see my #orioles thump the #redsox tonight, okay?
Things people excited for their team to upgrade in the draft say ---->RT : you a Pats fan?
Curled up w/coffee and my Hunger Games: Mockingjay...here we go.
Just touched down
"Not knowing remembering what Didion wore in the Haight is like not remembering what Ahab was trying to kill in Moby Dick."
Keys for me are education @ my child's rights under #IDEA, #advocacy and I write a lot!
RT I’m amazed how long I will watch a stupid infomercial, because I don’t feel like reaching for the remote.
oh pfft. we're going 5. and delpo's tossing his cookies. this is NOT boding well for the argies.
Just noticed there are 8760 hours in a year, give or take, which means if I live to 100, I only have 876k hours.
hi- pay when we pick up the kit? There was no place to pay, it just submitted. We want the Rocket car for Revel in Portland!
They make that sound as graceful as possible. -
New Moon by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Loses Vampire...☻
is that the same thing as a rebuttal???
why our pic so tiny
Boozer stinking the Wells Fargo Arena up smh.....
Enjoy "Behind the Scenes" every morning. 5 - 7 am We were this morning. What a workout!
that's too funny.
Unfriend You <3 Radio (All Day)
Bahaha. And damn. I'll cry of I miss them cause I'll be away all summer :-/
haha I agree.
Hey guess what! The movie The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is based on my family. About the lil town in Templin Germany
Being sick is a pain but having such wonderful friends and family are what makes it a-ok! #gratitude love you guys!!
John Cushman talks about downtown LA transformation growth in residential, #retail and cultural + new transport at #ULIFall11 RT
Why am I'm here ??
We have some on order! RT : try the Reflets d'Antan (out of mag if you can) good stuff
this may be late but, YUCK, don't do it!
you will be mine someday.
mentally preparing myself to be deeply disappointed by
Lost On LeMans and The Rest Of Us at Gallery13 is gonna be sick, make sure you learn Freshman 15's songs, they're gonna be rad.
human rights unit & creating PSA videos :)
Fuck this. I just want to sleep it off and wake up n get crunk for bens coming back gathering.
Great to see you guys too! Looking forward to hearing about the "serious" anniversary dinner tomorrow. Hope it's delicious!
Sometimes when the person you love never talks to you in a while .. it simply means that's when they need you the most
Seriously. If the construction was better I would have gotten it. :-/
#GirlsLoveWhen You buy them what they ask for and don't ask How Much or Why.
a few people not from twitter and just the retweets from the Indians. Lots of people seem to say they've been more than once.
Omgee.all i wanna do is sleep.friday im sleeping in.
U playing a damsel in distress? Isn't that typecasting? :) ... Ever notice u can say anything if u put a smiley face after it?
The Superbowl is on! What team are you going for?
Snappin on some Super Oasis OG about to crash out.
Going on a mini adventure and visiting the Providence Public Library and their Special Collections!
We will be doing a catered event for a group of 100 Realtor's and some investors in the Portland area the 13TH of this month...
Anybody going to stay up till 12 to tell me happy birthday!? No..k cool. -___-
love my TEAM.!
not much at all dude! You?
Im Like The Girls That You talking Now Please!! Dont Be A bad Person
they have swag
First stop; Coney Island of course!
Do you know If not, tell her I sent you. You are two of the most amazing women out here...
did you get presale?
// yes! Same town new place
lord knows i only have a handful
Please let this FTP/Stars news be true. Having a day called #blackfriday is bad enough, really don't want to deal with
#LatinAmericaNeeds1D :B We love you guys! #UruguayLoves1D !
korean fried chicken -- seoul sassy
Hey Maribel... hope you're doing well. Great to see you on twitter.. We moved our office. Now next to the Forge on 41st Street
Starter: what are some of the biggest problems affecting African Americans in Baltimore? Students are anxious to get into the inner circle
thanks sounds fun, lets definitely talk more!!
give me shout outs thanks
#NP Rihanna- cheers (drink to that)!
how do you think uw ranks w/ its top 15 program peers re: % of offers that get accepted?
#ThingsMyExSaid Im gone always be honest with you!
Avengers trailer, to this skeptic, was impressive. Finally, some non-Rock-themed score in a Marvel spot
man it was nice meeting u tonight and working with u man. You did in awesome job bro... Lets keep in touch man!
Big date with my daughter tonight :)
It's annoying enough that I think somebody from a war-torn, poverty-stricken part of the world would sympathize.
Kickstarter is around the corner...
#viewerschoice lick jays armpit
Shorty got a friend and her friend got A friend too haa.lol shyt is FUEGO ft husband or wife remix video coming soon
Lol I Love That Picture And Im Watching Your USTREAM
John Mayer kind of day. His voice is magic
Last year I remember I practiced really hard and didn't make it, this year is my last chance as a senior.
Booking requests for private and workshop pageant & performing arts coaching in your area can be sent to
WHERE THEM SORRY #HEATFANS AT HUH....WANT TO GET ON US #LAKERFANS!!!!!
Me , Myself & I ...Trying
Free shuttle and tickets to a matchup between 2 of the top 4 teams in the Horizon League. What more do you need? Tip-off at 7 at The Cell.
“: I still love Phil and Luke though. They should get their own show. #MyOneDad” Agreed that are the most funny!
I think Drake's campaign will forever change higher ed brand marketing. Blog post to come...
I havent taken my meds in days, no wonder why i am so damn weak and sleepy all the time.
“ methodology and process < trust and communication” Yes. 1000 times Yes.
My jordans high top snap back fitted cap ✌😲😝
lol, i'm sorry. when are we all gonna go creep on them on the #polaris?
Instagram Camera: This Designer Aims to Turn a Spoof into Reality
Chicago on
Bad Bxtches I Done Let The Best Go ( DAMN ) .....
There was 4 of the same color of my car at that stop
We can help with this. Email with your questions!
He is the only man whose memoirs have a sequel.
What's up twitter??
I wonder if a unicorn's horn grows when it gets a boner......
so sad!!! She was great.
- after all this time with Type II, I am finally getting a diabetes dog tag - way overdue!
Ok time to run 18 miles
Good morning Dear friends. Have a great holidays.
Yay! Excited! Can we meet a little earlier? I have a 2pm meeting and I know the line can get a little long...
I was dissed for saying I was celebrating Chinese New Years by listening to C'mon Irene so know what ur sayin'
Thanks for the #FF love. I hope to see you at the ballpark on April 5th.
SO i heard!! Damn lmao ima finna kill this nigga next week
WHO WAS THAT THAT CALLED ME BECUASE IM ALMOST POSITIVE THAT THAT WASENT IT SOUNDED NOTHING LIKE HER
haha we know everything about sushi delivery! Let me know when you're ready for your 1st order- I'll send you a discount code!
APB: Social Media Bootcamp guest speaker presenter types that haven't yet please check in w/ email & subject: Social Media Bootcamp Rockford
I can't stress that line enough.
cheese right?
what are u talking about?
"Can children attend the exhibition?" The answer is, "of course!" However, we request that all kids be accompanied by an adult.
then do something
Now the Dean tells me we are NOT buying the students iPads -- but after hearing about Siri says they all NEED iPhones!
I'm down! Let's score some great seats for the event. We'll have a blast.
free fallin is good but I'd go with a diff petty song "into the great wide open" or dream on by Aerosmith. Classic ender song.
7th for the ultra bubble
RT Dfrsh23 Should I go into wrk 2mrrw it is my day off hm that is more money on the payheck
Being off of work Is so Boring like there's never nothing to do!!!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
So nice outside, minus all the pollen covering my car. Should be a nice weekend to celebrate St. Patty's!
Looks like we'll have to wait a while before we see the first 90 degree day of 2012. Andy has the weather scoop on
May I request Defying Gravity :P
sharing is caring :-] plus, group activities are so much more fun than solo :P
Good luck!
Adele has shed 14lbs thanks to a vegetarian diet.
#FF to some inspiring moms for this #MothersDay: , , , , , ,
This shits getting like a horror moviee.
If yo bank account doesn't have at least 1 comma, you're not ballin
where my invite
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
That's dedication!!! Awesome!!
Contemp Artists from South Asia, face a challenge of defining their identity as CITIZENS and ARTISTS in a multi-cultural www.zanbeelart.com
Life of a lamb is no less precious than that of a human being but one shouldnt take life of a lamb for the sake of human body. Go #Vegan!!
wassup. Love you wanna go get sum food hun
This Friday is lookin god.
is a morning ritual, couldn't start the day with out it
So, you'll have to save that chocolatey snack for viewing NEXT week's Tuesday's Child...
I'll call u tomorrow
Emulex to Present at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Technology Conference
that's a splendid idea :)
They are dragging this out on purpose!
Good morning. I'd like to thank the big man upstairs for letting me see another day
I love you.
I never even had a chance I was losing from the start..
October 20, 1996 - #TheWho performing QUADROPHENIA in its entirety at the San Jose Arena in San Jose, California.
I no u got my txt
MySpace → Tumblr → Facebook → Twitter → Try my new favorite
I'm out this BITCH
seriously, I've never toiled over so few words!
i say we get the breaking news out of the way before the morning meetings. ;)
i copy edit so many of my text messages.
I'm watching middle schoolers play flag rugby which really just looks like a lousy game of catch.
no, but a couple people did. oh well...I survived.
answer your phone lol
Baby I did post that
Enjoy it, bro! #RT that so all the movers & shakers know about it!
If I owned a super market I would absolutely make them wear capes
Best No Libs quote to date tonight: "This isn't like Fishtown, Chad. This is a community."
Pre game in the sweet lmao
Yeah but when you induce a ground ball, you kinda expect your D to have your back. RT Greinke got himself in trouble, thanks.
I will beat up an old man in traffic !
Going home ✈. Be back when I wake up from my dreams. 😌💚💤
watching #beinghuman is so freakin cute!
Same to you=p. Which is way past bedtime on my end lol.
Live like Jesus. Love like Jesus.
We hope to announce a Battle of the Bands contest Youtube-style shortly! Start spreading the word to singer/songwriters and bands!
RT : awesome. Thanks for playing!
girl shut up u sick..
Do you really want to take medical advice from a man who brags about being a stupid hick?
In every battle there comes a time when both sides consider themselves beaten, then he who continues the attack wins......Ulysses S. Grant
Influensters are obsessed with their #lovevoxboxes! Join to qualify for programs in March & May exclusively designed for moms!
Morning Rockstars! > The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man be perfected without trials. - Danish Proverb
Everyone is making up trash about their mom listening to to get a RT. liars.
When you ignore & mistreat someone who is or was important to you, they're learning to be completely happy without you & with someone else.
so cool!!!! Good for you! Pics please
er, shouldn't one of the questions on the 'Quiz' be gender?
Wow, philly is clueless as ever. They barely beat the bulls minus 2 best players and celebrating like they won title. Sit down iggy.
Oh, door wide open the when I get home from work? #NBD it's just philly.
Its not gone suck its self...
Indians R#1 I do belive folks.
they get no bling until they get and stay above .500
Niall was at/is at the jay z concert! They aren't all together. So how could she vc w/ them?
Karaoke and $2 well drinks tonight !!
.'s voice is booming through the restroom for the !!!
That was cute
Wow #JAGK and #1forme1foru is trending ....good day :)
they come in batches -- when I come home I'll get 2-4 alerts all at once. Probably happened 3-4 times.
you guys ready yet??? Stong body bars ready to try??
thanks! I'll be uploading the slides later this week.
No risk no reward
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
I cried when... in lots of moments in my life actually.
That's the spirit bro.. but I'm thinking a lot of you are stuck in "fan purgatory" for this series.
Great Job Oscar night!!!
#TeamShady, send me your instagram names! (:
i cant laugh cry or sneeze or cough or move without being in pain blahh :/
so that bum ass DEA agent tried to question my intelligence today....in my own home........need I say more
Missing him like crazy...what r u peeps up to?
Looks good!
is psyched that the sox are finally back in 1st place...
THANK YOU for being a terrific student! Enjoy the summer and keep me updated on your endeavors and successes.
Just got home from school :)
No problem. You deserve it. I had 5wristbands that I gave out +cards but there are at least 20 others who now want bracelets. :P
yeh I am but I'm bout to leave cuz my rents r on their way dwn frm nova and I gotta clean the apt lol n aw I will nxt class :)
I dream until they crashh..but I never give up
false! "dammit i'm mad." is the same in reverse
This song is my life right now.
I get so happy knowing I've gained weight and need to buy new pants
ken_rosen - brand needs to be seen to help product, no matter how good product is..
Happy New Year!!!!
sad I didn't know about this since I live in PG
Mad at and for getting my hopes up I would see them and then them not come after all..shame on you two
daily #homeschool tip: autie,add etc kids are kinetic learners. if they r moving they r #learning. if made to sit they learn only how to sit
I am strong in Christ. In prayer my mind is open to ideas that are strong and true I feel an inflow of strength.
Dear lunch, you have failed me again. Unfaithfully yours, Starving Yet Again.
Hey all, please show some love and follow my new record label who will be releasing my next album 'Nick Vayenas. #New music
HaRT: happy birthday krusst :D i love you! We need to hang out soon <3 have a great day & dont get TOO fucked up. LOL :*
I missed 24 minutes of glee, glad I'm recording it.
it would b the best thing that happend today if u followed me :D
Childhood is the most beautiful of all the seasons ♥ ♥ ♥
Terrific title! Much better than I could have done!
My boy kyle Bukhari discussing the effects of Sancere on linear time
LevelUp is up and running at Slice & Co. on 14th street and 6th ave, just got our first slice!
we have lots of good guests! :-)
In that case, SW Virginia needs people who think like you do!
What is the hottie situation ? Find out on www.wherethehottiesat.com.
Spending the night at house
oh good! me either think she's gonna kill us?
“: My family is getting drunk. Lol they had to be Colombians .”aren't they amazing <3 lmfao!
I hope there is spotted dick.
Do you have a following that you'd like to expand? Let ZesMo.com help you with text marketing.
Criticism of Tiger Woods 'just out of hand' Just because Tiger Woods usually lets his game do his talking for him, doesn't mean people ca
exactly my brothers!!! LoL!!!
I <3 South #Korea!!! 55 downloads! Thanks =]!
Lots of talk on #InternPro about networking, mentors and hard work... think there might be a pattern developing.
That was a little crazy! Just lost the power at the house for a few hours! That hasn't happened in forever! Need 2 invest in more candles!
I WIILL C IT!! CANT WAIT!!
#ILoveWhenYou hug me from behind and call me beautiful :) <3
Im to happy i can take that summer driver's ed class for free. That made my whole day.
Thanks to and for the RT's yesterday. Appreciate it.
Never be intimidated by a smart person. After all, it's easier to debate a smart person than to argue with an idiot.
‎​Starting today Nov 13th 2011,Divine Skin and Slimming centre will officially be open also on sunday from 10.30-16.30.Thank you
let me know if you like the email I just sent! Great job tweeting! :-)
Every nite I walk home I have my eye on Betelgeuse hoping to see the moment of explosion. Ain't the universe exciting?
Playin black ops and my 10 year old daughter snipes me out! I taught her to well!
shout out to
can't lie. i love sleep.
` Peter remind me of a female family member of mines lmao
To remove dust from the eye - pull the eye down over the nose.
if you live your dreams you'll never have to wake up
Tom Joyner, why do you have punk ass NENE on your morning show? She is wack!!
your super talented!!!!<3
nope, you're beautiful.
Back from Tampa. Had such a great learning experience.
Getin head while the engine running
*hugs* its ok, one will fall from the clouds soon
Celebrating my baby girl's birthday today.. She's 3!!! <3
you're inviting a lawsuit upon yourself with that last hashtag
The weather today and Saturday will be perfect. Come to the Home Show at the Santa Ana Star Center Sat 10-5, Pella booth 316. call 362-0529
I look forward to it!
Happy Friday Everyone! Yes, it is Friday the 13th but we are claiming blessings & miracles on this day. RT
Good morning!!!
56 miles to Portland.
we are graphic designers! www.stardesignsa.com contact us there!
To lose patience is to lose the battle ~ Gandhi
Very sad to see Dale Hunter step down. Hopefully whatever coach replaces him keeps the same relative system in place
My cat apparently does not mind being dustbusted.
What's the last movie you saw in a theater?
Can you marry a dragon? Follow up: Why not? Other Follow Up: Are they easy to kill?
Palance, Milton and Britt fix damage in the airlock. That's one way to get over the death of your captain.
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding"....Seriously????!!! WTF! Hahahaha!
Makes it harder to complain when there IS a problem with the refs, too. :|
Richard Simmons at halftime show??
STOP SPAMMING ME
Thanks to all the artists that work with us. Their great talents make this possible!
Ate a whole lotta lamb, now it's waay down inside.
Its nice out
Damn it feels good to get things finished.
I'm excited to try the Brooks. They didn't have my size, so I'm waiting on a deliver from Brookfield to the Shorewood store.
It is about that time for you to come in and check us out 6320 Winchester Road
You're welcome! Let me know if you need any more info on VA. I am an amature expert!!! I love my home state!
Good Night everybody. Love ya :)
Finalizing the edits for our new web series launching on AOL May 20... stay tuned!
I should! Or at least I should win some hot sauce.
I'm a really hungry fat drunk girl
if you need anything, or want us to do anything we are always here. remember that! keep your head up!
Oh forgot say good morning!
that's a lie I don't use that term freely unlike yu and she is my best friend
How is the country music world going to exist without brooks and dunn?
any idea when College Ave between Howell and Pennsylvania Ave's will be open??!
Bravo! RT : It really does take more energy to be mean and nasty than to just be nice.
10:30pm central I think. If you saw my highlight reel that I posted you'll know which F bomb they'll be making fun of ;)
There is a reason the real estate industry has been around for centuries: it performs a valuable service. Looking to buy or sell? Give me …
haha of course you do! :)
Nick Cannon has me dying lol !
We offer hard money (private money) for commercial, construction, rehab, and development loans in 14 states. Eager to lend.
an you post pics of the new ink?
Meh...maybe...but some people do need a punch in the face...no way around it!! LOL!
Yayyyy now come visit me! Lol
Dinner at #cafe50s!
It's a great step in the right direction. I wonder how Paragraph 4 will play out?
we have girls sm, med, and L :)
what's up man? Have a nice Christmas?
would a meat bell be made out of gyro meat? or shaved turkey?
The Lakers are boring af to watch play at home -_-
Thank you for following us!
Thank you! I look forward to following you. Tell Mozh hello! Small world - and I hope to soon be working with King & Spalding!
can you tell this is awkward moment tweeting? lalalaaaa i'm listening to Hit The Lights :)
Thanks for the mention.
I love you and one day i'll tell u in person and i'll hug ou too and i'd never let u go. haha
I have a paragraph left for my project, then I have to fix my paper, journal, and make my visual T.T
“: Knicks are making stupid fouls man” theres more unnecessary whistles than necessary
Sandy Cheeks has a twin brother.
Apparently MONDO WON, not sure what but twitter is all abuzz.
My wife and I are thinking of coming in tomorrow, but my wife wants to know if you have a patio and allow dogs?
Plumbing Plus is licensed, bonded and insured and a member of the Better Business Bureau. 858-486-4070
ha! “: So does this mean that we cover Braun going to the Yankees tonight? #insidejoke”
I've been here for you though everything, what more do you want from me? I mean I give you everything I can...
You can't take life for granted because life's to short for that shit #jadakiss💋
Amazing VMA performance by
That's the best compliment I can get! Don't worry, there will be some lighter options coming soon.
I need instructions on how to use this instagram
is at a shooting. Early reports say 3 shot.....working to confirm that information.
had a fantastic afternoon of music at the Newseum with my hubby and friends: Eli Staples, Mike Michael Pope and Jamieson Tobey!!
aw she looked good with long hair
Shhhhh You! Its GENIUS!x
A friend has a unique story & believe Ryan would be the best person who can bring it to life in either a feature film or TV :)
rock it tonight buddy!
Nah, it's not anymore!! :)
Watching snl reruns on netflix and I think Jason Sudeikis is cute. I have a thing for funny guys...or had I should say lol
Two days til our next show of Veronica's Room. It's really an awesome show. Special Discount Tix through our FB page for Sun performance.
Hm. Guess I can no longer say I haven't tweeted lately.
Ice is falling from the sky in south Austin. Yes, really.
"A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in the students. -John Ciardi" Good one!!
I've spent the past year with my best friend, I am truly blessed that he is all mine. Happy Anniversary babe
I JUST read that quote today. Oprah. Love it :)
Navigator Elite package includes a touch screen DVD-based navigation system, a rear seat DVD entertainment system with an eight inch screen
I guess so
keeps telling me how dark I've gotten (from track) & she's making me feel bad :(
A phrase, btw, which makes me think of "The Godfather" for some reason.
The theory of relativity, becomes a law, in a line where you listen to fools fighting with the knowledgeable. Get in front of the fools.
Been in four different states with and its only 9 am. What have you done?
Car alarms are so stupid. They don't deter anything, they just annoy people.
fredericksburg, tx. Becker Vineyard, Grape Creek Vineyard. Beautiful hill country
inadvertantly participating in #uwspiritday by wearing a Wisc sweatshirt (which I wear on many days I'm not in the office!).
wondering if every teacher sleeps well over the weekends... By Sunday night, I'll be ready to do it all over again, though!
I wish remembers me i was the girl who wrote him that long the talk to much for twitter thing
Hi! I'm well, just two months til graduation. I see you have a new job, congrats! What are you doing for Clear Channel?
Rock On
Bellhaven Scotch Ale... nectar of the god's my friend. Enjoy!
first Myspace, then Facebook, then Twitter, then Tumblr, whats next...
"The woods would be very silent if the only birds that sang were those who sang best." -Henry David Thoreau
Doctors say im the illest cuz im sufferin from realest!
Charcoal grilled chicken has to be the best invention ever. Thank you, cave men.
next time you can come! Yay!
My brain hurts!!! It's a GOOD hurt...maybe I'm just over capacity on great info!
stayin in tonight..not feelin so good :c
Another photoshoot-filled weekend!
well you better get an A on it den lol
Sorry about declining your friends request on #foursquare but I don't know you! For all I know u could be a stalker or a psycho!
USA Today readers shall inherit the earth
It's got a bit of a seminar like quality ;)
if you in town come by retreat nightclub nyc tonight. 11pm-4am. no cover, no lines! 37 west 17th street between 5th & 6th aves.
Well that was a RAPTUROUS weekend, now wasn't it?
well, if we ever meet the first thin I'm gonna do is give you a hug.
I like the way you touch me there && when you pull my hair
Neon nail polish, cupcakes, Rodeo Drive, and Nylon! RT: What's #AWESOME to you? Tweet back- let's get #AWESOME trending!!!
I myself find humor (especially an episode of 30 Rock) or a quick workout (cardio) gets my mood back and mind clear again
I miss you, come home to me already.
ill see when I can:)
Here at my throne. :)
Thanks for coming out last night! Got mad people saying good things about the sit in!
i told my family the tuhin-carrying-german-girl's-entire-life-in-a-suitcase-over-his-head-in-barcelona story tonight
BTW..u have a follower...yaaaayyy
I'm gonna end up beating the shxt out of somebody tonight
$1 coffee after 3pm! Come try our sledgehammer blend
Thanks for coming Brian. Good to see you. Have a great night.
totally agree - awesome talk tonight, took some notes that will last me a lifetime...thx for coming!
OKAY SOUNDS LIKE A DEAL, YOU STAY IN AMERICA AND I'LL STAY IN THE UK. SOUNDS GOOD.
ugh. I'm sorry. What a horrible day for you! I hope he gets better soon, for your sake
And i just told our bartender. Sorry that Hanson fans are crazy. And he said we are pretty tame. BEST COMPLIMENT EVER.
Everyday is a great day to aim for more in your life :)....
www.miamiherald.com/2010/10/23/1887752/body-of-missing-kayaker-found.html -- Body of missing kayaker found off Cocoa Beach
guessing 3 hours sleep before Accessibility Camp DC will have to do. See you all at MLK library. 901 G St NW, Room 215.
I don't need a radio. Music all the time. Today woke up humming Toni Braxton's He wasn't man enuff for me. Oh the irony lol
lovin twitter!!! thanks Abbey!!!!
@ the doctor they be taken forever
yea yea wats good doe
Eating a taco salad from Whole Foods to honor Cinco de Mayo. The black beans make it *extra* authentic. ;-)
That is a rather amazing one.
My thoughts and prayers are with my sister and her Sigma Kappa sisters. Never take life for granted.
will they give the point and momentum back too??
Talking to my boyfriend he always knows just what to say, thats one of reasons why I love him so much. He is such a Supporter! #Blessed:-)
Time for a Kyrie shirt design..
idk my mom let Aunty lohe use um n nvr give um back cuz her Caleb's mom n my mom ste outside planning samtin
Welcome back
i almost hate having so many options for my next step...i'm getting completely overwhelmed way too quickly. not helpful.
Working on a 15-20 page writing sample in case I apply to grad school. And taking a third class. Maybe research assistanting.
It is not question of protecting the environment, but how, for without a healthy earth mankind is doomed.
now I hope she remembers and changes her mind
Tomorrow is the first outdoor Farmers Mkt of the season.
Life is not merely to be alive, but to be well, according to Marcus Valerius Martial
without me :(
my number may be on my Facebook page. Your hair and your eyes are so beautiful. You deserve very nice things.You deserve happiness.
From Middleton PD: The intersection of Parmenter & Elmwood is closed due to an injury accident. Will reopen in about 25 minutes.
I don't find cigarettes addicting, so I don't believe anyone has an excuse to not be able to quit smoking other than them not wanting to.
We are bus comrades!
Happy Birthday! I hope is a great one!
Yes, it knows exactly when I'm going on vacation.
Join the ranks of expo prize winners. Stop by booth 6703 to find out how to win an iPad.
lion and bear has a drummer! so pumped CJ moved to Nashville! Watch out!
Ethan is VOLUNTARILY playing with Jacob right now and I am besides myself with joy.
I'm in such a peaceful mood tonight.
About that length of time mr prez it's getting short
Celebrities out and about
nigga u lyin im always high
I feel so drained. Yawn. I need rest.
excellent double dose of #DTHR today - thanks and -
Thought the #gospursgo had broken through when they went ahead 80-79, but that only fueled the Grizzlies' resolve to close out the series.
already got it :)
North Carolina F Harrison Barnes (ankle) will play vs. Maryland. Barnes was listed as questionable.
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next months #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle area food banks.
Massive Rocket Radio is going to start fresh again, w an all new facelift and a new model to follow to lend its services to SA's Music Scene
Long day ahead ...
yep im hungry lol!
Thats session c301...Imagine & Dream Big. Where's the creativity?? Frustrated...
Yes, Satan?
I would love to know the science behind the ripping and hole punching of train tickets
Just gray here
Great advice!
Only thing that motivates me too work is looking at that stack I got in the kitchen..
hey what r u people during bored so message me or something
Hi Jennifer and good point. Nextdoor works to increase the real world interactions with your neighbors, not to replace them.
u not ready Fo me Eric when I get back Sunday to sa its on lol ha okc boieeeee
"Assume that every driver will run a red light..." That is a good driving philosophy to have no matter where you drive.
#msu better win and I want #Wisconsin to pull of that #upset also
which two parter is it? What happened?
IKR!!! Wish I had one! Wonder if it's too late for me to go back to school? :)
The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
Heave-Ho Productions is making the plunge into the Twittersphere. Look forward to info on what we're doing and cool stuff around the web.
THE SOCIAL DUDES CAN HELP! “: Can my followers help me get to 2000 followers today lol” Follow y'all! RT
When your lens focuses just past the horizon, your journey is nearly at an end
Shorty rode me smooth as my mercedes ride.
Im sure whatever you decide will work out...btw I would to shoot with you someday, Im trying to develop my portrait photography
Go follow super tight pop punk from knoxville.
yo there is nothing funny about that!
C Rosario rushed an errant throw, allowing Blanco to get to 3rd...and Cabrera pops out for the 1st out of the inning; c'mon Buster
Aint that the truth nigas be lettin the devil use them
Thank you everyone! We made it :)
I assume that your "4G" label is analogous to painted on flames on a car; pretty but not intended to actually convey speed. 2/2
Ok so I just bent over laughing re your CraigOs 4 square tip .
nice to meet you:)
feeling lascivious
Wise men say, only Fools rush in. But I can't help falling in love with you!
you are now legally able to get drunk. happy birthday. :-)
If you have hair down to your bum, I envy you.
okay good! :)
q Rico papa!
I can't download it! Won't let me find it in appworld... you do it for me? ha
thanks! RT : Great people doing great things ..
If you're in Pittsburgh, its a great evening for some outdoor dining. Get out and see some of the new culinary additions to our area.
when you walk up behind me and scare me 😊 >
The power of knowledge...
My Grandma gives such good advice, I'm so glad I get to read them in Twitter form.
People working in education know human nature the best. Educators rock!
Making the Printing Industry Affordable For Everyone..Banners,Magnets,Ebook fulfillment,Invoices and much more.....
Im going to start ending all my sentences with words that end with 'ing' and puting a lot of emphases on those words.
Day 2 of organic only food .... So far it's not that bad
hahaha I can't help it! I do it for everyone!
Trying to order a good flip video camera for work. Any suggestions?
I forgot my money for that stupid library book . I hate Ms. Lynch ... -___-
Henry Rollins "David Lee Roth, I will wager is more intelligent than you are and probably most of all of your friends."
have an amazing friday<3333
I donate to DEMS, Act Blue, DSCC, DC, and PBO. Not a lot of opportunity to work locally in a very red state. Suggestions?
YO! Why is everybody stealing Miesha's username though...I thought it was her again
Launching Your Home Based Internet Business.
LFF or Planet Fitness?
drop a mixtape, call it 'Murder' cause everyones speakers will be killin it when they play it.
Owl Paws <3
�All great changes are preceded by chaos.� This one is so true (By Deepak Chopra)
You're a F U C K I N G IDIOT if you believe that. Why don't you leave America, Its clear you hate it. BTY F U C K YOU. Moron.
you know you're truly easily entertained when...
OH OK CRACKIN?
We Wish u luck! RT : thanks for following. hopefully my #nonprofit can get it's feet off of the ground soon
Start off the 2012 with a great lunch!
": I wanna go to six flags now."
appreciate it bro !
Jackson hitting way better this year
they're trying to lose so they get a good draft pick
I had the craziest dream last night. I woke up feeling so outta place. So my anxiety came about
No. Capitalism does.We can't control our greed ourselves.It's a survival tool that we don't need in this day and age
yup! I already looked up the schedule. I need me some music! Ha
#seeed2012 organized by #svpri -important talks about social good/enterprise ecosystems, sharing knowledge and resources.
brainstorming logo design for L-3's new hottest practice
Happy Birthday and congrats on the fabulous, new space !
Lets go Rangers! Yeah, yeah I dont even watch hockey. I dont want to hear it.
I've got to start to like the song. Its easy for me to be creative if its something that I like. That way the mix wont be stale.
I followed :D her
Happy New Year everyone!! New Years Eve & my Birthday! #partyy'all
": Men who don't watch football... Straight #suspect"no cause I don't watch it..plus I dont wanna watch niccaz in tights
Follow me on instagram!! Rochellec33 I'm new, so wait for some quality pics!
« “The results you achieve will be in direct proportion to the effort you apply.” - Denis Waitley #FitQuote #Motivation»
I got mines, when are you going to get yours?
In Moore Co NC, committee worked to get responsible pet ownership into school curriculum. Also sees need for more low-cost s/n.
"Big isn't bad, banks tell Fed" #yahoonews Especially when they're bankrupting the country!
Everyone in LA look like celebrities...
finally found !!
The train arrives in New Paltz. Carriages are waiting to take the guests to the conference site at the lake.
Talking to my buddy
of course. Thanks kidd ;) I'll pick u up one day n well get lunch or some shit
“ people should fall in love with their eyes closed.”
Discussing ideas for the next Recumbent Cycle-Con & possibly another Adaptive Cycling Roundtable geared toward health & mobility.
COFFEE.EXE Missing - Insert Cup and Press Any Key
“: missin my buddy!! How is the mrs?” she's awesome! She stayed home with a sick kid today :( no fun...
Rachel Scarpati of at #Musicbiz2012 said: Tech moves faster than the law and that's the problem with setting rates.
Bet she was a cool lady.
Gosh, Logan Comstock, you are the greatest friend. EVER.
aye are you going to have time to visit a home game this summer? Game day atmosphere is off the chain..
Me too until I saw this! Yay! RT : All day I thought it was Friday. I just gained a day. Love mistakes like those.
#TGIF Its going to be a hot one this weekend glad for our community pool
all I have to say is a girl that dates u or is dating u...will definitely be treated with class! Everything u say is so sweet!!
Information not posted on your link for grade 5 reflections on iPads
Thanks gurrrl! You rock. :)
This steak tastes OLD.
"We stayed a long time. But I'm not afraid to die to see you at last."
And IDGAF what u gotta say! That man can rap! Lol
Who cares! Omg. Stupid Aliens.
HAHA! yes let's go get the I send dirty pictures to guys special (; Guys will dig it babe <3 lol love you too <33
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
getting ready to do needlework
I wonder how my boyz are doing I miss them 
You're welcome. RT : the subbing for the is working nicely in a pinch.
That you shouldn't prevent people from doing something when you don't hold up to that ideal? Yeah, it's pretty tough.
12:03 freaking out please pick me
glad to see you're alive...lol
Life is just grand when we submit to its process. Today, life is beautiful!
well today was an extremely long day. im ready for sleep. cant wait to do this all over again tomorrow! WEEEHEEEW! no.
Thanks Ted! That was very kind of you!
Clear Brook's T.J. Johnson, Jason Campbell and Seth Etienne recently signed to play football at Mississippi College.
and be a dick to everyone
lol well enjoy it
Thx! The way I look at it, we're moving with sweet memories to this city's name. So it's only going to bring us back some day :).
I always hear sirens after 10 tho.
Thanks guys! Heading out now for a SLOW run.
We get it it's raining...shut up now
Do you watch vampire diaries??? I saw TVD in your twitter profile.
We need a pet store downtown #Seattle I want to get a gold fish so f*ing bad & now need to rent a car to drive to the burbs 4 one.
Getting on the bus tomorrow night with Keith & Kristyn Getty to go hang out at Metro Conference in Dallas on Wed. You there?
Awesome that all of ptz are represented in the final four.
That is cool.
It IS America the Beautiful - that made my morning! Thank you darlin! : < America the Beautiful ! xOx
Egypt says it ended US lobbyists' contract - USA TODAY
ha! my time is coming, I'm sure of it
funniest. thing. ever
I know how to admit I'm wrong and apologize
I got five new beats and I got five niggaz in mind. No charge lets go!!!!
You don't know what I think now... ♥
Hahaha the guy at the red line Jackson stop is playing
Starting to get annoyed with Karen. Is she a Mom, or is her priority making a point to Hank? BF is a-hole & she says "like you"?
is there a special someone?;)
if you want to walk with T-shirts guys and fox 6 news on Saturday for the breast cancer walk hit me up asap!
... like dude get your ass of twitter and do you and NO! You don't regret dating someone because you shared something special with someone..
Didn't feel like going to school today so I'm sitting home. Hanging with ashlybaby today and hopefully gonna find something to do.
well I bet it would for a beautiful girl like yourself
Have a sick wee one at home today. I would like to thank science for infrared thermometers.
pretty excited that started following me today! I still haven't gotten my picture taken for the All in due time! :)
you dusting off the old credit card to take the guys from to St.elmo's?
Let's not blame the entire game on Joel Ward.. He has feelings too..
She said SOME. Do you know how to read? And yeah, Beliebers ARE involved in this drama like they always are.
I have to lodge an official complaint. The championship cup has a leak! Half of the champagne is gone!
no way pat.
Can't be mad at the guy for going to Det. Contender, and hell make 65000 a day for the next 9 yrs
Instead of changing the facts of a story to make yourself feel/look better, be honest w/ yourself & start by changing your character.
I'm so tired I could eat a horse.
LASIK surgery has been a successful vision correction procedure for more than 20 years.
Always Messing The Mood Up
Watched a few Greg McCoy kick return highlights... can definitely see why the Bears drafted him. Looks like he can be elite returner.
Straight brim slightly tilted baseball caps #cool or #tool? Mt vote based on the stupid white kid in front of me at Panera: 100% TOOL
what you know about burying your bone? ima go ask my dog...lol
Fear is the cheapest room in the house. I would like to see you living In better conditions. ~ Hafiz
God is still using PCA as a launch point for changing the entertainment industry!!! Amazing. God you are higher than any other!
I think it is now, site server seemed to be down for about 30 minutes, pushing out the next issue & it freaked me out a bit
/ Like grandpa used to say... if at first you don't succeed, #BUZbuz again.
Wtf do yall be saying in ur tweets???? Proofread ur tweet before you send it..
Hi!! Thank you to you and Sunny!!
Dreaming of the greatness that was christmakuh 2k11
want to see something funny? Go to YouTube. Grandson gets brain freeze
That song brings back memories of ABDC 6
Yet another reason why the NRDC needs a presence in the Lone Star State!
Research and Markets: Emergency Care Management 2012
Adding to ppl to follow
getting that> it's gonna be a long game feeling!
yeah my friend just did the same 2 days ago... you never think they would actually do it.. doesn't seem real right now
how do you think of these things!? Loll
That must have been William H Macy
Karen O is the Blondie of our day... and I'm ok with that.
Go for it! Even alone you can have a great time at Disneyland.
all my shows are on eztv or demonoid what the hell is this network tv everyone is talking about. C ommercials, what commercials?
There's 3 weeks left till graduation and people are getting in relationships.
Tough loss tonight
Thanks! My last day is tomorrow. It's a bittersweet move. Thanks for your support!
Thank you & you're welcome!! :-)
G.M.N.I.: Duly noted. I'll respond to this accordingly.
Yay - looks like I made the mantel! :)
Hey Hope ur having an amazing day of learning.
#Tea is not just popular with our British friends across the pond. 5 out of 6 North Americans enjoy drinking tea.
Seattle is ranked as the #1 hipster city in the U.S. - Sorry Atlanta and New York
he had bedbugs, so they kicked him out. Maybe it is the uu in me that objects to the militant screeds...
Had Lebanese wine for the first time tonight.
One good thing about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day.
I say fck ya unless I'm witcha.
I know.... I'm in your closet
How about our partner takin down our hometeam Sat w/ natural hat trick & 1 assist GR8 partner #toughinthefaceoftraderumors RT
looking forward to that Glasper feat, Gregory Porter track
School soon #fmlmoment oh yeah...
I love every single person in this car:D
The former RT : Hey are we grab assing this week? Or is mutual respect? RT Not fight. Just less grab-ass
lol! That would make my day.
love the gear.
Okay Dj'ing time is over.. got to get back to the lab... lol
Thank ya Synco!!
Cheap lacefront and fake barbie necklace
News on Nestragel, warrant expiration, and a pps over 4.
this interview was cool i jusT did! asking me about studios in memphis an the old records i got wit DonTrip #throwbacks EIGHTYSWORLD2
Right now,I'm watching TV. Gosh,I'm so bored now.
Can't wait til I no longer ever have to deal with the crappy
watch it =D
Jealous of your Thermomix! And that toffe ice cream looks amazing. Plus, can't remember the last time I had soft serve. :)
Giveaway Alert: Wear Your Music Guitar String Bracelets! Celebuzz is giving one lucky reader the chance to rock some cool accessories —
#tarantulas aren't great for cuddling. (Clearly.) But not because of danger to the handler. The tarantula just cannot handle stress
Ridicule? Mocking? Never!! Well, maybe not never... :)
Will 13 have to put up their files this year?
Wish my mama ain't have to work today
Sometimes being too optimistic can be just as bad as being too pessimistic
good looks man I appreciate it!
It will b coming to n end.
I also love when you hold the door open for someone & actually wait for them...they walk right through without saying thanks
dang! You must be notorious, huh? :P
SAT word of the day: paragon (n.) a model of excellence or perfection
I lovee youu! Can I get a follow? (:
Heading to the Lou cant wait. Red hot riplets. Mr.pure and sandys bbq. Boy!
boozer yes..deng is good. no cart in his wrist remember
Whats your favorite christmas song?!?!
A stranger basically..ugh..how do u let him split the fam apart like that...
Watching true life I have a hot mom but I don't see :(
for some reason you popped into my head, I hope all is well
just sold one like that. It was listed in December, closed Thursday. Finally had to just ask them to stop smoking in the house.
awesome product...this'll be a lot of fun!!!
I just stepped on a cornflake. Now, I am officially a cereal killer.
Sterling: you cannot give me (anyone) everything that I want,or solve all problems, so don't try #ixda11 try for the permanent beta
I don't know if I remember how to drive lol
Here at least! Headed to bed so I can have an awesome day tomorrow!
I recommend using L-Carnitine pills! What supplements do you use?
it's coming! I helped NPR connect natively to Ford SYNC (so does Pandora) - voice control as well as dials. Watch this space ;-)
RT : Please join me in welcoming to the Waggener Edstrom team. cc:
fantastic! congratulations, molly!
next Star Trek movie is scheduled for release in June 2012
Go to hell. #WBC are just famewhores, nothing more. I'm sure if you lost a child it'd be different right? #pieceofsh*t
now? It is 16:40 in the UK:)
I'm so ragey tonight that i'm scaring myself!
RT : RT : sitting here smiling because of you
I die a little on the inside when he doesn't text me back. ):
are you in love like ?
My dad is comparing my accent to Josie
Chiefs will trade out of #1 pick to get more draft picks
yup, it's on the future sports list, hopefully 2013!
Hello Heather, Many thanks for the follow on Twitter.
99% of net new jobs to MD since '92 from expansion of business or spin-offs - lesson: focus on businesses that are here for growth.
I just wish the wind would calm down!
Quit drinking soda a few days ago and was doing so well until I opened the garage fridge and had Mountain Dew taunting me...DAMNIT!!
Currently experiencing the glorious joy that comes with taking a risk on an unknown headphone brand and discovering they have perfect sound.
Tom Antion was great tonight on Celebrity Creators
lets go
You have to come to this event next year, its awesome. The guys are very friendly.
Set-up the treadmill
Civilization as it is known today could not have evolved, nor can it survive, without an adequate #food supply. -N. Borlaug (via )
Reading "Screw Business as Usual" #virginunite and Richard Branson have it right!
they'll work for that too , send us a pic we will post it on the site!
Idk why, but spiders more than anything freak me out... it takes a lot to scare me so idk whats my deal...?
Just how i feel right now!!
I gotchu! Idk if imma cry but shit is going to be sad.
Can't do it
Oh yeah, that. How about Robin Yount then?
There isn't much of any quality now here in the states.
I'm supper excited to be with my baby at the Britney Spears FemmeFataleTour on Friday in Miami at the A Arena!! And to see Nicki Minaj!
Just did an all nighter!! Stayed up talking to so tired but to late to go to bed!
About to watch a run of #LetX. The totally sweet part? Every director from this season is in the room. What a kick ass group.
wanting to watch austin's early friday ustream but you can't cause you're still in school when he goes on.
Ally-Op
3 sneezes in a row! Means someone is thinking of me :) I'm stuffy, drippy, and dry eyed.
one of my favorite singers! -Jared
Why hasn't Bart Houston signed yet?
Don't worry! Not even #snowmageddon can close the #library!
A new hair do can really change the personality
I'm not saying that they don't exist, just that I don't have access to them at this time. And no, I haven't.
RT is my dermatologist and I sing praises. He's on Palo Verde.
You become a champion by fighting one more round. When things are tough, you fight one more round. -James J. Corbett
War time TwitterFam. So this stupid bitch Melina Gaines messaged me like 20 times sayin peeps sayin bad tings bout me.
her only fucking thing she had to do and she forgot to put the film in what the fuck was she doing for 5minutes!
not gonna sleep tonight gonna be thinkin of you too much
"The only limits in our life are those we impose on ourselves."
flirt so more ;)
thank you dusty, I'm sayin
this is how we do it, all hands are in the air, refunds from here to there, throwin up w-2's everywhere!
Don't forget to LIKE our OFFICIAL FB Page!!! Keep supporting our YOUTH they need us
Boys are like math. U spend forever trying to figure them out & when u think u have the answer, its either incorrect or someone got it first
It's 10:30 on a Thursday night. Good luck with that.
What the he'll is going on with this "somebody saying bad things bout ya" thing? Its coming from everywhere & ppl r asking why I sent it!
At for candidates forum for #NPS #advisoryboard member candidates.
Friends with Benefits .(:
they're pretty easy to spot out.
Need a few laughs, or funny people to follow, check out 's TL. And he gives great RT. If you're NOT following him, you're a dope
Will #OWS ever protest in honor of the #unemployed? It is a direct result of the financial crisis
San Diego!!! We will be at BRICK BY BRICK tonight!!!! See you there!
that would be great to see!
thankfully, every day from now on is a day closer to fall
hmm.... what should i do for the next 48 hours?? lol
Sandy Sheedy is circulating a memo attacking the arena deal.Pls call her office number is 916-808-7002 and encourage her 2 sppt.
Sometimes I hate being right.
isn't that what I said?
im on it
Yeah, but we're better!
yes! And warped? Rose might come too!
7-Eleven to launch low-cal Slurpee Lite The 7-Eleven chain is launching Slurpee Lite, a low-calorie version of its popular frozen drink t
no problem
you in Seattle??
Leading Edge makes learning fun! Contact us today to learn more about our programs, flexible hours, and affordable pricing!
I got my hot chocolate.c:
Thank you & for standing up for women today. When discussing women's health, our voices deserve to be heard.
Somebody better buy you something stiff and I don't mean a body.
That was all part of my master plan! ;-)
what's the link?
Chi town bound.
girl it feels like forever since we have talked :(
:D!! That'd be a dream come #true for me.
I always pictured "She Cries" in a Great Gatsby setting, if that helps matters at all.
Hey , Happy birthday!
It's been several years since Reach. Plus, Terrence is right. The co-op stuff is potentially revolutionary.
My life is about to embrace destiny! I agree !
iam trying to run it on my 3gs but it doesn't work...he is a lair
So hubby says get yard sign for his opponent..So goes the battle of the yard signs. This will be interesting!
In 2006, Pletcher set a singleyear earnings record of $26,820,243 – breaking the record held by his mentor D. Wayne Lukas...
are they? I have to see it
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
T-bone my sis lives in Edinburgh now.
Made my spot in the rap game with "I don't like"...time to start dissing the niggas that I don't like
Had a great time listening to entrepreneurs practice their "pitch" at 's class tonight-so inspiring!!
Hahaha Im like seriously?! and ikr x)
like what? :o
Oh good! I saw some of your tweets today. Glad it's helpful! I love our community and the policies created.
Who the fuck is this team and where are my #orioles ? Go O's!
| thanks for the follow Mario!
How do selling prices compare to listing prices in your area? Find out at www.atlanta-home-sales.net
Blastoff starts this week Thursday. A free way to save and make a little $ with online shopping. Http://my.blastoffnetwork.com/chadb
Snooki's baby is gonna be hella short ! Poor kid.
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
Your flaws make you perfect<3
They also asked for dressing on the side.
follow me back zebra lol
"it is foolish to reject criticism. In order to improve, we need to know what is lacking."
I think its big man! I think they need a hot start with having a new manager and no pujhols!!
How big are the original images you're trying to process? That would have a lot to do with it.
had dreams of david tennant and creepy blinky statues...great times :)
i don't do these stuff, if u want just follow & ask if u don't then u don't have to.. i'm not here to gain a million follower
Yeah that's good advice. I think once life's a bit calmer I will have a go. Itching to get one idea down.
Stella just sent herself in a tizzy bc she just farted so loud like a human that she thought someone was messing w/ her tail.
RT : Working on a story for Trying to think spring but I'm absolutely freezing right now.
Ladies tights are not pants, if I wore sliders people would not like that so please stop wearing just tights.
God bless. Thanks!
“: i feel Chicago´s pain with the injured MVP” hurting
Facing Cyber Bullies Head On Hiding behind a computer screen is an easy way to attack and offend people without having to be accountable.
Passion breeds success... have you found yours?
Looking forward to it!
I fuck the finest hoes ever
Wiped out from staying up way too late (crying) to finish the amazing Second Chance Summer. Totally recommend. Weekend only!
aww, don't worry, he's in a better place (:
My new record will not dissapoint. Hope ya speakers can handle it...them 808s sound like smooth thunder
you sound like the models on zoolander! An iced mocha frapachinnnnnnooo!!
Dear guys, If you're gonna text me, please keep the conversation going. Sincerely, tired of "yupp"
I Have Bitch Fits , I Know I Do .
I'm going back to quad party haha
lol naw I'm listening to Temptations old scho
Alexander The Great was a #douchebag. Yet we celebrate him 2,500 years l8r. Being a douche is literally the best way to be remembered. Pass.
Well hey there!
So what are you doing tonight? Calculus! #RealNerds XD
IU Health, Marion Co. Public Health Dept. and Positive Link are a few of the great sponsors who help to make the #INAIDSWALK happen. Thanks!
awesome day
I LOOOOVEE AUSTIN!
Hahaha I know...it's weird...and of course I am! Are you?
At some point, certainly. I don't think I'll get it first or second day, but soon. Or I'll watch it for options strategies.
smh never fails... somebody ALWAYS says "i heard about .........."
You are welcome!
Acme Hotdogs is closed until Tuesday, January 10th, so we can spruce up at Acme Hotdogs! Thanks for your loyalty and we will see you soon!
it was delicious!
I tried to come c u
My first #Starbucks Iced Trenta, can this much caffeine cause instant kidney failure?
hi, my name's Kalee. and i enjoy long walks to the fridge.
always collect string.
I really enjoy doing wrk majority of da times
I hope you joined my newsletter list?
Feeling like SHIT
Let's see which one of my shows come on tonight???....
Me! RT : We are in full- Sweet Suite mode. Who's ready for this year's party before #BlogHer12? ~c
Take the good with the bad
lol yes i do. ALL the time.
I need to come to Chicago more often. Here for a conference, very cool city.
Knowing that you've completely moved on from someone is a great feeling. (:
My music research is cooler than yours. That is all.
This game is painful. What is it about Turner Field that shuts the #Brewers down so bad?
Even in this crazy life and through these crazy times its u,your the one whos always there for me. ily!<3 ((:
#druhill throw back on WPGC right now.
The Dec. 27th attack was called off because Gen. Montgomery wanted to attack in the snow storm but it stopped before he could.
Seski head to tailgate at Reser Stadium
My dogs got into the dog food and went to town. They nnow smell like ishh!
Jesus Ezekiel Jesus.
- is tonight's game televised locally??
Ok. Nevermind Mc Donald's. My soul is crying. Oh well...
Politicians in parades are like commercials before a movie. Somewhere between tolerated and annoying.
It's not even 1:15 and I've already been to 2 malls in Indy and a furniture store in Homer, IN.
she said it's a day of chilling back with her people lol
Oh my god. I just got offered a job at Google.
I'm pretty sure midterms will be the death of me.
Will Def Check Out Idiot Abroad ... The Title Alone Is Intriguing
he at least wore the right colors, sporting blue!
New fall menu by starts tonight! Bay Scallop Risotto, Char Siu Glazed Duck, Curried Pumpkin & Crab Soup and much more ...
it was fun :p lol haha
I Love A Good Mornin/ Goodnight Text ...Make Me Feel All Weird Lol But I Love It
Matthew, y n tf u got on a PINK JACKET on lmfao #im weak aza bxtch
The young woman who just sold you a ticket for sunset cruise on Havana Harbor isn't allowed on the boat. End #Cuba Tourist apartheid.
As always, another fun event from & the crew. Great to catch up with , et al
So pissed off on how this night is going... not enough girls...
The official after party for every party has a message for you W.mysong.fm/nine72
This is great, Lucy! :D And thanks for the kind mentions!
##to full
Enjoy! Thanks again for using ShowClix Greg :)
Please join us for yoga this evening @ 5:30 & 7pm. New students: 1 week free of unlimited group classes & 1 free private pilates class!
What do YOU like about working from home? Am taking a survey, so give me your opinion....I love what I do and live the life I love! Helene
It makes me feel so good when women over the age of 1000000 tell me I'm handsome but women under 1000000 don't acknowledge my existence.
Ditto, though has some Sebald starter kit recommendations for me, I believe.
y can't I jus find u..
love it!
is it too late to join stagecrew?
the sky;P
RT "Fools live to regret their words, wise men to regret their silence."
ok, what direction should I head? East, west, north, south? #ohandcanmywifecometoo #shereallywantsto ;-)
Press pass . let me know what else you are planning to see this week. maybe we will meet up again
Whatcha gunna do with all the junk, all that junk inside that trunk!
Mo money means mo dough to blow
Nice, solid run!
listing to pink floyd 's - obscured by clouds. in the new crib.... i need a life.
NOTHING...AND I'M WAY IN THE 407 :(
I got this pizza but no microwave :/
hahaha isnt proper grammar a turn on! And yes I am yummy why wouldnt you be with me if I wasnt...hello! Your DILF day will come
Instead, they were non-competitive anyway and destroyed their franchise in the process. Probably another 1/2 decade away still.
:) no problem. Great work!
No better feeling than sitting on your toilet, carefree on a Friday afternoon.
Still down on Aug 15 draft deadline..July 15 makes way more sense to me..
LOOKS GREAT!!
Oh my glob:D
RT : I'm tired of swagging on the reggie.. if I could afford a loud habit I STILL wouldn't be able to afford it. lmao
But it betta b not b hurtin by the weekend got things planned w/the family!!
We can't buy luck, but I can try stealing it from you.
extra bored!
the best!!
its sad that there are only basketball magazines at therapy:( ~Devin.Anne<3
When you start to get close to someone just before it's time to say goodbye and go on your separate ways<<<<
It's summer and you are not a hamster. Get off the treadmill and go outside and sprint. Your body will thank you.
I saw a mahoning ave. Sign when I was goin to mickey D's :)
In Milwaukee and drinking a #MillerHighLife. When in Rome, right?
Marguerite de Valois~ Tears may be dried up but the heart - never.
that'd be "demo-ing" not demoning!
Thanks for the shout outs!
guess we should think about picking up the house. kel's work party is @ our house in t-minus 4 hours. time for some teacher fun.
TIL Henry XIII's "walking stick" was a handgonne (polearm mini-cannon) dressed up as a godendag (just look it up). Lovely man.
Don't forget Fitz. If only that guy had a QB...
I CANNOT WAIT to recommend these people to the next client who wants "wow" or "pop"
RT RT Telling someone why you love them, is like explaining what water taste like ...
I love the guy, though. But the cavs needed a high pick. Now just don't use it on Robinson or Barnes.
RT : RT : Hussein Obama has done to Our Presidency what Lorena Bobbitt did to John Wayne Bobbitt!
Imagine if biggie and tupac were still alive...we wouldn't have half of these gay ass rappers in the game if that was so
Myself and are looking forward to it!
you need to calm down and stop tweeting so much! My timeline is going crazy..
So you're telling me that guy I made out with on the street wasn't ?? That's on my list of oh-no-no's
I'm very excited to see Nerlens Noel bring his talents to UK next year
Compare "The Queen Is Dead" with anything Morrissey has done in the past decade. He's got nothing to lose by begging Marr for a reunion.
There were a couple points where I would have had the same confusion.
BabyGirl says doing yoga in a tanktop and panties is not 'yoga-ie' enough...apparently she has a specific idea of 'yoga-ie'...I made her :-)
They're there for pacing, Benny
Finished War Horse. I can understand the love that kid had for his animal.
looks that way
Rise and shine #Philly! There's so much to do and to prepare for new candidates coming in the office today!
Appreciate you my followers! :) Please help me in getting more, I know you can :)
How on earth was that a tech on Faried??!
Extremely proud to work for especially after hearing 's talk tonight at the #StartupAmerica event
stab someone.
and what about you?
goodbye social life, hello the Sims 3.
I really really really really like James Morrison right now.
awful! how can we get community back?
Hey ! We received our People Love Us on Yelp letter and sticker today! We are glad to be so loved!
and I are watching a channel that has all folk songs that we sing at camp. Where have all the flowerz gone lol
Okay I could get a facebook later or just follow me on twitter n okay tell me yo name
I don't have many friends these days. However, the ones I DO have, aren't losers.
Stay tuned for session video/pics next Wed!
You're not suspending your campaign, you're dropping out. Just say you're dropping out. Politicians suck.
Have a safe trip homie RT : LAX stay packed.
- if we are, we want to probably get things purchased/ordered soon.
I'm sick. (Not lyme related) thanks for asking how are you? I love you mom!
RT : : A1: Accepting that I deserve to Happy, Healthy and Successful.
at the verizon center.
What r u talking about , ? 
This is going to be the worst spring break.
Its nice out, but watch your speed since cops are out! Esp on I-480!
Bob Gibson over Nolan Ryan?
Thank you!!! I'm getting old...smh.
So excited for my Saint Etienne xmas 7" single!
off to albq in awhile!! :)
Longest Friday ever. Shoot me.
Got my goodnight call now ima crash goodnight everyone
We applaud John Demjanjuk’s conviction and its message of no amnesty for Nazi war criminals.
Gentlemen,need a way to maintain your facial routine?Come 2 & get our Express Facial for $40. specifically designed 4 you.
How everybody feelin on this beautiful day
Just found out there are both Standard and Premium staples. Look close: the Premiums wear Chanel and have VIP tickets to Jack White.
The road to 2012 begins tonight
sounds like a plan! What's been good
the music bro
personally I prefer a single payer system similar to the ones ALL of our ALLIES have 2 provide access to healthcare
Oh no!! Feel better!
I'm gonna go back to working at Twin Peaks
keep this up for all of us that are missing out!
I'm getting a little better day by day
black berry I've never liked .. Ppl who like encrypted messaging and the keyboard like it :)
It is really hard to focus on work, knowing that tomorrow I'm going to be $640 Million richer
It has just been raining and raining for the past few days. When will the rain turn into snow for X'mas?
The harmonies of the I~Threes are Superb!
most can't or won't #respect someone who utilizes their #creativity by calling them #dreamers, well dreamers turn them into #reality i am
- Sounds good. I got your email. I will hit you back.
oh I DO feel special :)
Sadly, I was so shocked by the event that wit failed and there is no photgraphic evidence. I shall endeavor to replicate.
that would be nice
getting ready for the first NFL playoff game.
I'm not sure if I'm totally blown away by the new nano news. I'm pleased with what I've got right now.
I'm afraid I'm pretty promiscuous with my apps -- especially those for organization.
Think I may visit the Bay area in Feb. anyone going to be around to hang?
Got some great NBA series breakdowns coming from defensive specialist coming soon...
people will still move to Fluvanna- they will likely send their children to private schools- of they can afford-a shame
We in our own zone.
Seeing these deadbeat people makes me never want to drink / smoke #straightedge dude
Thanks for the follow, Tony! And how awesome is it that you're working on PLAN9? Pretty effin' awesome.
": And I'm keeping you in my prayers. Stay strong brother."< Thank u so much :-) . I need all the prayers I can get
Great times, but great to be home. RT Ah back in boston. Rip
You just made me crave waffles too.
#factaboutme when I'm sick or on my period I give attitude. -.- no I'm not on my period.
haha. They'll still be on FSN if you want to get your fix
Have I mentioned lately how much I love Ikujiro Nonaka's model of organizational knowledge creation.
Really gonna miss my boys.
you are a promoter?
Just received my #google drive invite
God has used many4 many battles this week. Fighting2keep people a live. I thank God4using me. Some fights ended N some meeting GOD.
we had a wonderful conversation ! Love you sis :)
Why does etsy have such cute stuff!?
Warning: Fells Point el. al. Cars must be removed from city snow emergency routes. Abandoned vehicles will be ticketed and towed.
Ooh you Liked my tweet? Now I know your dtf
I'm thinking of turning lemons into lemonade by using a busted HDD as an excuse to buy a SSD to replace it. Any suggestions?
If it is to be, it needs to come from me...
We're talking city income taxes. CPA's say they're confusing. Would you agree?
Thanks for celebrating with us!
Damn Ive been telling fools about you since I first saw you on twitter. Still haven't gotten one so or rt. Sup with that mama?
Looking for PR practioners for both Milwaukee and Chicago! Need 5-7 years of experience!
would be interested in hearing your thoughts!
When my girlfriend calls me a lazy ignorant fuck who can't think for himself >>>>>
so that's what everybody means by "be careful on the Internet.." you'll have a creep chasing you
The next 12 hours will be spend in a caffeine-fueled, sleep-deprived and anxiety-enhanced rage as I finish my last 2 finals...
I just bought a brand new John Deere
I got u I do musik myself ill hit that up thoe
What part of the World are you?
Thank you very much for the follow. Appreciated greatly. Have a wonderful day! Peace & Love.
If you were worried bout where I've been or who I saw or What club I went to with my homies baby don't worry you know that you got me
at least fights that I won't get in trouble for
Jim Tressel. Thanks for having such generous contests! Makes the work week interesting!
and i dont mind that line of thinking, but soc.media not the issue
The 4square Badge of Courage
thank you so much!!
Introducing FREE tickets at Disney + Free hotel nights! Call us for Details.
Girl :haha why dont they show what happen after a happy endin love movie Boy : yes they do its called porn XD
No problem! 'Twas a kick-ass article!
This fool posting in the stuff I bought him. Lmbo
I played it once. =( We do need a sleepover!
lol hi missy bye missy love u more & don't 4get to think about the trip I txtd u bout
I'd say you have about 15 minutes before the CODE ADAM happens ;)
happy early birthday!!
3:30 ABC/ESPN RT : What time is that one cuzzo? RT : It's Miami / FSU game day ppl! It's all about #TheU baby
Have you been to Boston before?
Good morning! :) How was your weekend?
I am absolutely emotionally exhausted.
got it from Netgalley as well - gotta love NG
So my car broke down on the way to the chiropractor in front of the high school......
Money Money Money - Money! Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
one of those #priceless moments in life just occurred: my 3-year-old asked to watch his Jimi Hendrix DVD from Space before bed.
Playahs! I've got some NEWS and UPDATES for you!! This year, in order to play, you will need the usual LIME GREEN bandana as well as...
i dunno if i have told anyone this before, but, OMG I LOVE HYENAS!!
Luxe Essential SUMMER SALE is coming soon!
Wishing I was being fucked by a bodybuilder and I could suck on his nipples while he fills my ass full of his cum...
the windows in my car look so weird they look heka foggy hahah i forgot i just got done smoking in their hahah - got my head in the clouds
Friends. My family is thankfully more south. I heard it was weakening.
Red Skelton once said to crowd that Helen Hunt had found a purse. So any lady that lost a purse, go to Helen Hunt for it.
get all the best off-beat sports stories in 1 place USSportspages.com
LET THE MARCH MADNESS BEGIN!!!
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-52
Horrible start...
A BITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Romney cleaned house with the "Republicans who listen to NPR demographic."
Oof goes on the fritz right when I'm supposed to help a colleague with her profile
"Buzz Williams is looking fancy tonight." - that is a good way to put it, ESPNU.
To achieve greatness, start where you are, use what you have, do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
I'm ready for San Diego on Friday. Even if I won't see you, I'm going to have fun. You can avoid me, but you're still my friend.
I mean, without D. Rose they definitely need Deng in there. Team is not looking too good though.
I see you changed your name too, its been awhile!! Wow
Started project w/ consultant today. Took five minutes for the first Office Space reference.
agreed. Nothing Greater! What's your route?
Be healthy and positive, have faith and see your greatness
that was so sweet baby and I love u too
i hope my stimulator be here tomarrow
wow! I would kill myself in those. Amazing!
Have u ever had that moment where u just took off ur sock and then u can't find it
#ThingsIDislike when someone fiercely pulls out a headphone out my ear. O my blood starts to boil (a figure of speech)
OMG that vegetable is bitter. Treviso 1 - Me 0
But LTE? I have literally never though, man, wish I had 3G on my current iPad as there is always wifi where I want to use it.
Agree RT : Please stop using the words "Game Changer" after every tech/social announcement please. That is all. Thank you.
We at Indigo Tree Publishing wish to extend a HAPPY THANKSGIVING to all our friends - editors, designers, artists, retailers & book buyers.
Got my beta invite to the new Evernote, Pinterest: Say farewell. It's all over.
Things I learned on Twitter today: Dick Vitale likes the banner; the cobra's still tweeting; KC gets Google's ultra fast broadband.
Great work by launching ! I love this!!!!
MLB fires Shyam Das? I'd like to give that man a job, not to mention a laurel and hearty handshake.
": another 45min day of cardio done (and abs)! Let's do it!" Huge Kevin! Awesome start to the day!
Flight is booked for
ESPN is showing a dumb show to see whose on the cover of madden. Yet never show highlights on the biggest soccer club tournament ever.
Great! RT : Jean Tower: I want my technology Google fast and Apple easy.
Mitt Romney made fun of working class NASCAR fans for "really spending the big bucks" on cheap rain slickers.
I'm trying to decide on these shoes: Nike, New Balance, Acics, Brooks and Adias... Any Recommendations? #ProjectHOOD Walk Across America
Today's Sandwich: Mini grilled Ham & Swiss on rye with a cup of soup....$6.95
yo I'm at Sangria in Hermosa beach!
This weekend has been insane. Seriously, too much for one person to handle. almost glad its over. almost. #intense Good Night!!!!
The show had a successful run in Minneapolis before it came to NYC. Many ppl didn't understand Judy's tumultuous life
i still drink a lot so that doesnt help at all lmao
thank you! Be sure to follow our FB pages and ESY blog! Pinterest account coming soon...
hey jay, great meeting you yesterday. Let's keep in touch
im going to sleep im so tired goodnight xx
First class mail?! #yay! From who? The Senior Citizen's League.
You need some clean protein like #Ahi and complex carbs #rice and rest! #followus #SanJose #eat healthy!
Brothers gotta eat haha
Happiness is real-life Choose Your Own Adventure! Check out and find delight in exploring new places!
No Sponsoring Required Yet You Can Get Paid Residual Income... www.YourTimeToAct.com
Let's have a toast for the douchebags Let's have a toast for the assholes Let's have a toast for the stonebags - Kanye West<3
Hi Ross! We're you able to read the email we sent you about yesterday? We can send it again if you need it!
well they betta let back in bro
would you like to explain what that has to do with me?
don't mind that pick at all. Happy trails Dixon!
Money house blessings!
good for you, enjoying someone elses AC ...
#aam2011 "10k followers, now what?" session: hearing all about how museums got to 10k & the time suck, but no advantages shared yet...
The only things i gotta look forward to so far is graduating then the gus macker on june 2nd lets go
how about letting me in on the secret...LOL
hahaha I will! :)
Thanks so much Chloe! Much appreciated :)
That's Seattle for you. RT : How bout people tubing on lake washington before 8 in the morning?? Now that's dedication!
Get ready for spring cleaning and rent a storage unit to get organized!
wow that's an educated statement typical of brainless people
Read the word"public" too many times it WILL turn into "pubic". There's nothing you can do to avoid it. Back to Women in the Pubic Sphere.
Awesome idea! Let's do it!
We make videos for local businesses and I think we could make some great ones for you!
stop calling me Jesus
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo trying on ten different outfits just to end up wearing the first one you tried on. LOL
Ya feel meh? Nobody ever feels meh.
you should bring and with you!!! I miss my Sisters!
glad we can close that chapter! :-)thank you!
No ride to court tomorrow I'm going to jail smh
Songs about Stockholm + references to Gram & Emmylou? , where have you been all my life?
i'm on my first ride, on a train. :D
I know, Klout drives me crazy. Like reviews, I have to force myself not to look at it, then I can't help it.
Fie. I personally like your untamed look ;)
what's the crop factor on that cam?
Old School Cena.....that was dope lol...
when are you going back on your? And will you please come to North Carilina?
Hey Indy Fans, I want to thank you all for your support and very interesting questions. I will try to answer all of the most interesting one
New to South Beach and loving your blogs and posts. Very honest and informative. A must follow for any Miami Beach resident!
Screwed up my Juki MO-6714S while fiddling around with the differential feed. Can't find any help via google, off to the F-I forum. Sigh.
Show tonight at the white rabbit Jan stage! Alot of great bands! We go on at 9:30! Be there and get down in the pit! ;D
Kids ought to have two bicycles: one to ride and one to rent.~Jim Rohn
I need One Tree Hill back Chica!! Please 😜
how did u know I would say that?
Austin bound for work with
I wanna run, but only far enough to make you miss me.
just living it up!
"It is only with the heart that one can rightly; What is essential is invisible to the eye."
FIRST FOOTBALL GAME SO EXCITED
Jalen called , luckily i was woke lol.. He called soon as i woke up
Ever wonder what exactly it is that you use foam for? Or what you use to make it custom? Come on in and ask us!
that had to have been the funniest shit of the entire break.
I need to make another cup soon! :)
that's an excellent metaphor ya got goin on there...*yoink* (stolen for later usage)
how long does an order usually take after you get the "started manufacturing" email?
cool.. Wld love to hook up when your free up. I actually work down in Whitfield hall :)
NO! You put it in front of me & I'll eat the entire box/container. No self control whatsoever.
A quiet relaxing weekend...so looking forward to a productive week, I hope y'all do the same!
I'm legit crying
Oh yoga how I've missed you!
I do what I can don't blame me blame my Dolphins application
#RIP iChat I'm gonna miss you :(
I don't know most of the people I'm supposedly "following". How do I lose them?
in Syracuse for the *last* of my library school classes... social networking for libraries starts tomorrow!
No mug. Been resold to some other chump. :(
But in this volatile GOP race, we've been here before
Is in the mood for justice.
Decided I'm going to make a 13x18 print of a hubble photo tonight. Haven't decided which one.
American Asshole represent in this one. HA, LOVE!
Anyone have any experience working in a student union (operations)? What can you tell me about it?
I just noticed your twitter name xD P.s I have sausage jr on here lol
Next Thursday- no matter what happens- there will be yoga! We can't wait!
Sir Charles on SNL tonight....That's TERible1
hang in there Brian! Catch some Packer TC up the road from the Apple-town. I am sure crutches won't be a prob.Get well soon!
I make $$$$ by Driving Traffic to my website ! I don't talk to people, sale any products or make any phone calls check it out bit.ly/ayFFcu
Börner wishing that contemporary data mappers were as honest as early mapmakers about where there are gaps in their knowledge
Lindsey what did you do to your cheeks girl!? not cute.
not yet but fully intend to
I checked out your booth at the #PRWeekVTS! I love the virtual summit idea, very neat!
Probably not. I'm working on something and I'm downloading a beard vector.
sure thing
I wish we had a dollar theater nearby.
it better!! U can't let anybody else get him he's fucking adorable
Have scratchy throat...want White. What to do???
lmao...over a million times! so I'm screwed huh? It was working for like an hour after it fell then just shut off
You need to forgive yourself for loving, living and staying behind. Give yourself permission to be happy. We all love you and
Happy Mothers Day Camille.
#AAF Dallas Happy Hour tomorrow with else?
Fuck off! Tevez has nothing to prove to anyone in this lifetime.
I love Law & Order
Wow, I remember arguing with a friend in 2008 about Prop 8. She was fully for it then. She seems to have completely reversed that mindset!
Happy shopping! : Heading out to half-price day & 99-cent jean day Love my bargains! How about you?
Follow us today and RT us for a chance to win a set of iTunes download codes for our sports apps
alrighty then , when I get back count me in !
Tweet! Love yours. So entertaining. RT : I'm either too busy to tweet or so lazy I have nothing to tweet about.
@ some non descript japanese basement bar - decibel - with a random group of folks.
#jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon! 401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236! All ages Welcome!!!!
ok what should i do about the bullies
Shame on North Carolina. You are the laughing stock of the union.
I remember when you used to be my friend and help me with this stuff..
Help others achieve their dreams and you will achieve yours. -Les Brown
What did you name your Todd? (CC: )
7. day but I feel so good that I will continue being raw. My skin got much better and I also got rid of the sugar, coffee and gum cravings:)
"August rushes by like desert rainfall... One wishes for more But it suddenly turns to leave, Dragging summer away." - Elizabeth M. Taylor
My thoughts on Guy Fieri: love his hair, hate his Big Lots exclusive salsa line.
Go Sioux.
A word you will never hear me use: chillax. Also dope as adjective, versus noun.
of course! Followed(:
« 10 years ago we had Johnny Cash, Bob Hope and Steve Jobs. Now we have no Cash, no Hope and no Jobs.»
What should I do for dinner? Nothing to speak of in the house...
water water water all day everyday.....
The Lord's unfailing love and mercy never cease, fresh as the morning and sure as the sunrise.
A group of 50 bicycle riders ...3 abreast...30 cars behind them going 20...share the road??
Wow dis is a nice hotel better than da hilton inn lol
RT MarshieMcKenzie So your mad because I rather get money than have sex o_O I have my priorities in order my dude
Tennessee in the US
Really?? Wait! I know that place. Right by Silver Strand. Been there once. :)
are you going to come by?
I feel like one... It doesnt matter i got u now.
Thank you Matt!!
On our way to Lion King at Bob Carr! Happy mothers Day momma! <3
Hey fellas what's up? Jon here, so I wore tshirt,shorts and flip flops to work 2day. Jim Boeheim is in studio..should I go home and change?
Be back on later going to get some lunch
Want Your Name On My Bio ?
na :/ I don't has one but the vinyls I have are warped :/
Very welcome!
Screw U McNulty RT McNulty "We don't need to be here today." Says #civilunions=gay marriage & hickforco is working w Obama
Cool weather all week, break out the scarfs!
": Nice win for us in a tough environment last night."You was clutch at the end! Glad your last game there was victorious!
u are.
Beethoven. Picasso. Edison. #LunchWithAnyThreePeopleWhoEverLived (also? Sid Vicious = waiter... just to mix it up...)
well that's why I dont bring it out that often
Ex-Raider Chester McGlockton dies suddenly at age 42
Big thanks to the agents at Palm Springs Airport this morning for being so kind and helpful as we rearranged our flight
yessir! sorry so late my enternet game is real whack right now...goodnight! whats good with you?
that of cruz... lmk thanks
all found and safe
Reminder: We do a #giveaway every Wednesday at 12 noon ET.
Thank you my love Your the best woman in the world and wouldn't change you for anyone in the world!! Xoxox
enjoying the new layout for gizmodo/lifehacker/etc.
I know. That's why I replied sarcastically.
I feel neglected too. Boo :(
Sometimes you just have "one of those days" and you need to give into it. Unfortunately, I just don't have that option today.
illustrated "Six Sheep Sip Thick Shakes: and Other Tricky Tongue Twisters" - a really FUN book from Millbrook Press
2 NYC# high school# or college# internships#. Famous Real Estate Development and management group.Contact;
thanks for the follow!
Finally, back on Twitter, had a real busy 2 weeks, havent gotten on much!! Did I miss anything?!
yes. It's necessary!
Someone come in right now so I can graduate on time. Anyone.. ill do anything
I love that dog lol.
I LOVE your avi!!!
please follow me:)
How good would #ty chandler look in a #bucks uni sigh
We got an A.F.R
Dennis: The University is a huge employer, the contractors want to maintain their position.
:O I've never been in a fight before.
- thanks boss!
To bad has a secret love for and just hides it ! 
One for All and All for One: I’m a #unionmember and
super excited about Zelen joining your list! It's a terrific food wine, especially great with fish.
RT : Finally ;-) able to download iOS5. Curious about Newsstand but excited by universal / cordless sync. Goodbye PC
Thanks for the follow! There's nothing we love more than incurable news junkies.
"If my heart had an ass, I'd kick it for loving you." - Country song lyric of the day!
This weather's about to separate the wheat bicyclists from the chaff bicyclists.
Win a bottle of Riesling! Follow and stay tuned #TNI :)
THIS STORE IN VEGAS
Incredible Talent you are Rachel.My biggest congratz! my neighbor friend was #Ruby, music director and i laughed tears at 2nd
Caesar loved a good cab, too
please send good luck wishes to our #salyardsbengals on their STAAR tests next week!
Shout out ... BEmagazine is more than a magazine...its a tool used to exude confidence to oneanother...so wats your "BE" today
Cheryl has the most expressive face. Wonderful!
haha thanks :) hope yours went well!
Gotta go to the grocery store and then go to Lowes to get more mulch for the garden. I remember when my weekends actually used to be fun...
where the hell did u get your profile pic at?!? Hahah!
hope to see you in Concord at the B&T vendor fair Wed morn! Visit us at booth 71, Embassy Suites!
Back in The Ville for the weekend. Last time to relax before finals.
Nice to tweet you! Gotta love the #beagles!!
I'll do the Publix run!
A SMALL FEE INVOLVED LOL
what's good what kind of music do u do? If so lets colb songwritermusicofdash get at me!
Well that's life for ya born to die
"Leader of the PEN15 Club." Haha, I'm dying laughing. Best thing ever.
not to mention the unconfirmed user plugin!
Follow these steps: 1. Get a calculator 2. Type "58318" on it. 3. Turn your calculator upside-down. RT if you smiled or understood it. =)
---> your voice gets me through the night #i'mcarolinablue
so emotional I've seen it so many times and my heart still can't take it
Plan for tomorrow will be to run 16 on the Ozaukee interurban trail. Should be nice in the am
Who do you have to fuck to be the coach on MTV Made "I want to be a ladies man"
#Earthquake hit peru buildings shake 350 miles (600 km) away in capital
I'm at TNA LOCKDOWN PAY PER VIEW and I'm BORED to death. Rather be at a @ WWE event then this crap
is there any way we could land rondo! I would rather have kept miller than pick up spencer... Never felt good about the move
hi just checking in hope your doing well and taking it easy getting plenty of rest.
Listen to online radio www.texas101jams.com to hear D*CK talk about materialism in americans; trying to keep up with the Jones'...at 1pm
when did you start school?!
"Oh when the Saints come marching in...."
if u need a friend (text me) need a laugh (call me) need a hug (stop by) need money (this number is no longer in service) :D
Cause no one has tried pitching that idea yet. Do it!
Hi! I'm doing well. Am buying a new house. I hope your finals/internship go great. What happened to your Facebook?
End of year party w Party Boyz live in concert! Vbar 4500 west ave! San Antonio!
when u comin out to denver? Again? Hope u follow back <3
25th anniversary of the Rumble tonight! Any WWE fans out there?
single and flippant.
Heat Win!!! #HEATNATION .
Miller says he's biased, but Tannehill is better than RG3.
I have no clue lol
- No matter how involved you are in the policy/political conversations, you need to get more involved.
I think I got darker..
Ikr they can fight in public not online
1000 Tweets, sucka. Hope the blog this twitter account killed is happy with itself.
Manduka mat prize will be announced at 1:40 this Saturday at Centennial Park! Join us! www.getactiveyogatour.com
Anything and everything is a better love story than Twilight.
I bet... Me too! And your in my 100th tweet right now haha
Did something to make ME happy, just once, and now I'm getting punished for it. This is why people pleasers never change.
Who has updated their background to work with the #NewTwitter?
noo i havent got it switched yet :((
Am I the only one not watching the Golden Globes? I've probably watched 10+ eps of HIMYM today... Man, I need to leave the house.
Please Please Please ask THOUSAND TIMES Follow me Answer me or I love you too #Believe Love you my lovee!!!!!!
Hello chloe moretz reply to me please you are so cool and i think you are the best actress ever you will pasd up them all (:
Went bed late n up early
Our CEO, , is going to call the lucky winner re: the $500 prize. More details soon!
Loud and clear
google 'mike d remix'
Oh, parents forgot to dress you properly for practice, I totally understand (; I'm sorry!
I love Adam!
Yay! Thanks so much- really appreciate you checking out the tunes. How are things with you?
What matters is the job you do not where you do it gr8t thought when uou think abt hiring
you know it! :D.
loving you is easy because your wondeerful
Energy and stamina is key for those 50 years old and older and their ability to produce economically.
GET OUT THE RYE BREAD AND THE MUSTARD GRANDMA! SAUNDERS, #GRANDSALAMI, WHAT A GAME!
Just learned about freegeekchicago.org Have an old computer at home? Check them out.
Boom baby. What a great night :)
Next class which means closer to lunch
What a day #tired!
I just don't see how selling "gay Latino Couples" is funny. I mean, I don't get it. There are gays all over of all races.
Phone on 26% :/
While you're at it, break out the mellotron too
LOL U KIDDING RIGHT LETS GO TO KFC TOGETHER MUCH BETTER THAN VEGATABLES OK?
2nite Swing into the Holidaze w/Neon Swing Xperience & Boilermaker Jazz Band. Swinging starts at 9:30p.
Pat Seed talks about ArcGIS, Geonames, Panoramio, tools for mapping how YOUR way (minus the vacation pics and hotel ads)
I have an extra ticket for widespread panic tonight. Who's down????
My next project's going to have a matte finish. The "glossy Web 2.0 with reflections look" has officialy begun to bore me.
and yet isn't that y we luv him.... LOL #AlSharpton is an amazing American story.
I don't think oomf and I would get along... Even if we tried.
I'm doing well, friend. I'm just finding out about this "SEC" place, and I must admit that it seems wretched and backward.
Did you pick up an issue yet?
Anyone staying after for Mrs. B?
What did you end up getting?
it's okay we still go it
Shoot day!! Woohoo...thanks to my #partnersincrime were doin it and doin it and doin good!
My favorite is definitely Superb Sushi downtown. Great food, service and appropriately priced!
I have a great tape program on a former Disney executive on entrepreneurship Mike Vance. Great self help piece. docprov
Hey hey hey Jenn :) can i use the same video i won the acting contest with to enter into the Laugh Contest? thanks Jenn
Thanks again new followers #FF , , ,
Happy Birthday, Carl Sagan. I'm still inspired.
Come see Mirage play Saturday from 7-11pm. Enjoy this Milwaukee favorite here at Jimmy's!
Who is ready for Andy????
How do you feel about the decision to do it in 3D?
I think she looks better pre-photoshop as well! Here's to real ladies!
I think you should nick, gotta look classy for the lady!
Dr. Jarik Conrad rocks! Great presentation on emotional intelligence.
your love is my drug !
Actually, not watching golf at all now…back to Saints/Lions.
It was a goodnight tonight:) now to sleep and find out what tomorrow holds..
Welp. There's another 90 minutes I'll never get back.
Only in Kentucky do people go to a "sheep herding contest." Well, and Scotland.
so it only takes 18 minutes?
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring arrivals. There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
When me and have random stare-downs when we pass each other in Walmart. lmao
Democrats see the US as a guild. Republicans see it as a pug. This explains their different philosophies when it comes to loot.
So proud of my incredible bff for her amazing performance of Mahler tonight. The world is better with her voice.
The engineer records the track and mixes the track...
I was only off by 9 years.
story of my life.
PENN STATE!!!
Just added a new Facebook Shop to this page. Now you NEVER have to leave FB! New House MD, The Office, and Community graphics coming soon.
hi lacey, happy wednesday to you
It was nice seeing tonight doing better than ever :) I missed him :} *
omg u guys look so different from icarly older omg
brilliant statement professor!
im not wrong
Wonderful to see you all today.
Tip for the new Dirty Dancing movie: Cast a non-stunning lead actress. That's why the 1st was so successful. And why Havana Nights wasn't.
lots of work to do before tour...
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it. -- J. Jenkins
The better part of valor is discretion. ~ William Shakespeare
I think that's right these damn ot rules are fucked up
But she was no angel so we never waited
That means we beat you guys! haha. Did you play that game?
very good to hear, tell him to tweet more, he fell off my twitter radar.
Who are you and what have you done with John Klima? ;)
Patron you my nigga .
Off to New York to see how much food I can sample in five days!
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Gone are the bold bright highlights of summer's past! This year's runway hair colors are ranging from solid auburn to red to platinum blonde
“: Drinkin a newcastle in bed.” that's badass!
NEW VIDEO from Blues Alley CD Release Party coming soon!!
Anybody have a hook up on free moving boxes somewhere?
yes clean roads this morning - it was nice! lots of shoveling heavy wet snow last night - had enough of winter already!
big kiss
alright, first off, what's #hogab and second, red lights are evil, they must be timed just right to fuck with us.
lmao dont come for my hood cause its look sexy but when i get some weev and get my hair done im good hahahahaha
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
..but most of all..I live for My God..Have a God Weekend Everyone and Keep Rockin'
Forgive me for not communicating but it was my birthday and someone poisoned my two dachshunds and I am now up to $4,500.00 saving them and…
greatest fucking country on earth
#MoneyTeam all day.
d-nice rocked nyc at 1 oak sunday. going to mix it up today and listen to great house music at juliet.
where is the concert? (:
feels you 100%!!! Let's be mrs b to let us all back in!!!
aww sweet thanks babe,,ohh i need to go ..talk to u again ..when im on..
Haha thank you for that reminder! :)
"If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” – Anthony Robbins
wish me luck for my exams yet Im getting busy downloading for the newest episode of #TVD ...huhuhu..tweet me please!
m. they are!
please follow ? <3
Dreaming a UHSExpo cruise some day.
Partied like it was Mardi Gras @ Museum o Natural History yestrdy! Young boy on trmpt Alphonso Horne got heart & classical chops.
Nicole wont return next season if there is one lol if producers dont simon will lol
You're welcome!
Drinking water!
Recording Recording Recording, watch out NAPTOWN bout to be a Super Saian real soon
me too.
You know what amazes people more than anything at baseball games? Broken bats. "WHOA!"
if you have an hour tonight to be in Allen, one of the top officers is speaking about her last trip she went on for free
This year is going to be amazing! Working on the plans right now
The office season 6 episode 5... Gets me every time. Jim is the ultimate man #niagra #wedding #office #PB&J
If I am ever in the middle of a shooting, I will just lay on the floor and act like someone already killed me.
Thanks for the shout-outs! :D
woke up on some other shit.
Thats how you respect such a great guy
Times come where you need to rank work and school over other things, this is the time
reference interview started with find books that create stuff to art to drawing to robots. Hooray for reference behaviors!
lol cof cof just had suntin stuck in my throat I'm ok now ;-)
Ha!So true.
Perspective: in 2011 the Tigers were below .500 as late as May 30th! We know how that worked out.
My cat won't leave my Chinese food alone. BITCH.
Omg I hate working. !!!
About to start a new hip hop song. I need inspiration
me either man, wonder what happened to them? Way better than Hostess! Which flavor did you get?
no problem :)
Check out Brandstater's interview on the podcast at thescore1510.com
country just isn't my thing
those are josh's! you can keep 'em, pretty sure he stole 'em from a gas station anyway. thanks again for rocking our music!!
Rooting for the Giants!!
is rolfcopter a term i should know? I do not. :(
Why the fuckk are those free throws necessary?
Ew I do not need to see Robin Williams naked body in slow motion.
just went to the park with austin and my roomies. forgot how much fun swings are lol
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you gay?
Food & book & lunch
": oh! Me! Im having a fun and flirty 30 party!with Bellydance and burlescue dancing!!! Im excited!
Eminem's old stuff is so depressing, but so good!
No problem! Let us know when you make an appointment! :)
Brass Monkey Tour Tonite!!! Pub Crawl starts at 8pm at Brass West Allis drops off at Brass Milw and back and forth all night!! DJ at 9pm!!
OH SHIT is something I always say and I need to stop
How was your weekend?
Particle physics has become an "indirect science" by trying to describe the tonnage & features of a moving ship as of its wake in the water.
I followed
thanks so much!
Librarians, early on, putting on head lamps to find the way through the information revolution
Follow back, Show me love. :)
Philadelphia Inky Jersey bureau started shaking
ur dad wanted me to tell u that u tweet too much (;
I can't tell if conservatives in the media actually believe what they say, or if there's just a shitload of blood money in being a pundit
There's a man listening to a walkman pacing, crying, and talking to himself at my train stop right now
So, did you have any April Fools' jokes played on you yesterday?
and neither am I.
Working hard the money aint sleep so ROBI can t rest
thanks for the support! They all are pretty much the same idea but ill edit a few more :)
it's infuriating. The Internet has flattened our experiences and creativity. I'm over-saturated, jaded and need a break.
Proven. No use to try him out on the Cubs.
Guy next to me at the bar just said someone had to many drinks for a Sunday night you should go home party pooper! Its 2012 we stay partying
These are a few of my favorite things *sings*
Good morning :)
thanks. i'll have to give that a try :]
Deserve new water. RT : Old flames...
Helpful insight to understand the correlation of how our brain functions and why LinkedIn fits well @
with this mornings purchase, I now have tix to see the RHCP, Aziz Ansari, and Fun. all within a week of one another in June. Should be good.
so vinny doesnt talk to all the iconic boyz??
go on!! never give up!!
Kentucky looks NBA ready
More than halfway through April and only 6 "likes" before 500! Don't forget - if we reach 500 in April someone will win a great prize! <3
I miss my Marvel cards! If you were little and remember those awesome holographic rare marvel cards , you're cool!
:c Y u no hold me all night long?..
Got my passport now it's time for some stamps!
Just finished Christopher Morley's Haunted Bookshop--glad to know HRC has his copy of Carlyle's Cromwell, but a bit nervous to open it...
HELP PLEASE: What "career corner" question should we answer in our upcoming newsletter? Last time it was about salary negotiations.
thanks for letting me know! =-D
Let's go cowboys!!
How did I get talked into being a pregnant ninja tonight? What's your #Halloween costume, peeps?
Some of Firehook's older customers will no doubt remember our very first store, on Lee Street, one block up from the Old Town waterfront.
I'm conflicted. "Wash bears" makes these nuisance animals sound so ... freaking cute.
this Presidential Address should be called, "GOP, you just got served"
#myperfectmorning sitting in the garden in the sunshine having a lovely breakfast and a cuppa
You know, you have to follow someone back to be considered twitter friends!
can you please follow me ? i am your biggest fan ? <3
Lower cross syndrome is a condition associated with sitting all day, which is often followed by lower back pain -ask me how I can help
Nice! You like some brownies with your sugar? ;)
Work. Someone should visit me and bring me food! *cough cough*
We'll get you some blinders.
Renewable Energy Development: Smaller Projects That Think Big
hey grl! hope ur doing well
This Mothers Day, celebrating by birthing something. If you're into that kind of stuff.
When I was a small child, my aunt told me that you can't think of more than one thing at a time. I thought of a collage of related things.
I think I did good ass hell on that math test
I just finished a 2.12 mi run with a pace of 9'58"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Hospitality is Resistance -
"omg you're in a band?" "yeah, wanna suck my piece?" LOL
Very special thanks to Jerry Smith, Elroy Smith and Ms. Cathy Hughes for having me!!! It was an honor!
He can't add two sugars and one cream :/.
Thank you RT": Keep ya head up chelle!"
Delicious halibut for dinner. Now back to the beach for more walking.
I am about to attend my first sober pub crawl, aka, 100 different ways to drink soda water. Wish me luck!
Oh, you're gonna go public wit it!!! RT : I'm so gonna bitch slap Like the bitch that he is.
Kenya Michaels was my pick to come back; she'll be easy to get rid of again.
I am very sad, I cry.. tweet me :)
- And what did you decide?
All that comes to mind when thinking about my hometown are cobalts, cavaliers, and crappy tan jobs.
I'd almost be happy to get Walker in the guv's mansion and out of our hair. I never thought I'd say that.
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident
and who is ACTUALLY going to break them up? The prez? Congress? They will hand over more $$ in the guise of a "new program"
Thanks for the mention! :)
Great chance from Adu!
it's okay they'll be weirder with me ;)
Sidekick 4G for sale. Pretty much bran new. Let me kno... Have the pre paid sim card too jus needa turn it on
getting ready for a studio session in two short little days....
You know what's funny? I doubt I would have ever heard of #Julia had it not been for Republicans. And I love politics.
Friend just told me about an awesome fiesta party idea- a pinata full of mini liquor bottles! That will certainly get your party started.
All Lifers,Follow This New Account They Support #SoSoDef & The Whole Empire !
Jem is coming back to TV!! Countdown till May 28th :)
idk who you are.
OH: it's not often I go to breakfast and not drink alcohol
1958: Superstar performer/ businesswoman Madonna born today; 1977: came to #NYC. Often ranked as a top artist of all time
Could you send me your rates please
RT : I'm entering the Body By Vi Challenge after losing 40 lbs in 90 days. Are u ready 2 be ur own CHAMPION?
happy birthday nicholas cage
Can't just take a knee to run out the clock.
we got all the bitches you niggas need to come occupy the ladies!!!
Haha aww..what kind of dog?
I'm scared of haircuts.. i never know how am i gonna look after i cut my hair.
I can't help but read that exchange as the difference between listening and talking.
I saw that she was cast. The world continues to make less sense, and I like it.
Even though Austin's braces had a lot of memories, it doesn't mean he isn't going to have better ones(: -Brooke
Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway. Watch live on
that's my new jam!
We are live on THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW 1/7/11 at 9:00am PST "How To NAME Your Home-Based Business" Variety Channel - WORLDTALKRADIO.com
We have been tweeting it ALL DAY Chad! Wish you would have followed our directions! Come on man!
All my positives out weigh all negatives !
Great insights on Schumann from
sick and tired of behind my back bitching. you already know who it is.
please follow me back?? <3 :D
Looks like I should be winning at life then...
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Working on a small project to keep me busy in between big ones.
Gettin people to "beat me up" isn't gonna solve anything.. Your gonna end up dead..
and how did you do in the playoffs?
UGH SO tired of being punished for my strength- shouldn't someone rise to the occasion instead of me stooping to down to his/her level?
Perhaps #PresidentObama needs my services as much as #AbrahamLincoln. Under my watch the #SecretService would never have seen such scandal.
we're awesome.:)
I've been eating an absurd amount of food since Sunday. It's really kind of getting ridiculous!
so beautiful outside! time for a run of course
Saw the marks on my shoulder.. It, wasn't me!
I know what you meant. I meant I don't know why I keep at it. :-)
Heck no. IrfanView is it for me. “: MS Paint; the quickest/best logo resizing & file type changing tool there is. No seriously.”
can i plz get sum followasss!!!
Is someone ready for tomorrow night???
Cool. My mom went to the City with out me.
Brilliant observation!
In less than two weeks I will be having the moment I've been waiting for since I became a directioner.(:
i followed you. please follow and for an instantfollow back
Happy Birthday to You! Wishing you many more! Stay safe out there, too!
preciate it fool
Wow. Recommend.me is a total spambot. Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up. So. Evil.
We hope so! I should have an answer for you very soon!
I need our three newest fans (who responded to yesterday's tweet) to post a comment on our FB page so I can issue your prizes. Thank you!^CH
obvious problem of linking rights to marriage is domestic violence/ abuse - to leave the abuser is to then lose basics
I like you. Let's hang out
twitter isn't all that... remade mine a couple of days ago and I never know what to tweet about rofl:) share your music!
Todays terrible person --> RT Obviously it sucks one of the Beastie Boys DIED, but their music SUCKED
The street team is out in full force today!! Find them and get your free gum!!
My husband's response to the Lucasfilm library internship: "It's called Jedi Academy--you have to apply." (Yes, that's the plan.)
The storms are comin.
Some of my Ss use Noterize (which might be PaperPort Notes now) to mark up PDF's and type short responses.
follow me
Tony Allen just smashed it on jaminson. Dang
After how many years, I finally cancelled my myspace account. Time to put the past to rest.
Welcome back to the twitter game
Man scary as hell! Lmao
Thinking about, "Be suspicious of what you want." rumi
I'm following you girls on instagram and I'm absolutely obsessed!
good meeting w/ they running a full page ad in issue
Happy Mother's Day Mom! Now back to bed!
"Always misspell some word in your tweets. It gives #libiots a retort #teaparty #tcot #tlot #GOP #dnc" : b : )
RT best event title at MLA? Mon, 5:51 pm: Cash Bar Arranged by the Marxist Literary Group
ankle injury.
seriously lol im jammon out to faded !
": you'll love someone who doesn't love you but ignore the person who loves you the most..."
American government, please stop meddling in other peoples affairs and start taking care of our people!
God takes things away from you, but he also replaces with blessings.. Weathering the storm to appreciate the sunny days!
has the most beautiful voice ever. I love his music. ~ xo till we od
His teammates hate him. The guy sitting next to him at SAL AS game signing couldn't stand him. His coaches don't like him.
I expected it to be a bit closer!
What picture?
There was a beach ball in the parking lot this morning, I should bring it in for some office stress relief.
what! U shoulda came back!!!
The truth will always triump. Seek the truth and follow it.
I hear ya.. feel the same way -_- trying to make the best of it RT : FML
your so perf your my insparation your amazing i luv you mahomie 4ever <3 (: wanna skype pretty please that would make my year!
"The hawk is only one way to fight among many, and not my favorite" is about as good as "the shadows under these collosi aren't that great."
VCs, deans, profs, entrepreneurs "judging" #lawwithoutwalls projects giving students more tools in 2 days than they get in 3 ys of school
With scents like chocolate raspberry, agave lime, oatmeal cookie, vanilla latte, and orange spice..how could you NOT wanna eat them?!
Perk of working for a small firm: not being frustrated by corp. overspending. On a different note, I miss my $800 desk chair.
Need to get someone who can head a cross as well. I have Teal in my club team, but he doesn't fit this game.
I watch this certain movie when I get depressed. For days its on replay.
The only way to figure out who really cares is to see who cries when you die.
There's not enough outlets in my classroom for all my students pencils
That game is time consuming
Hey auburn. Tide is coming.
"When the bird and the book disagree, always believe the bird." --James Audubon (via Ken Pope in discussion of DSM V)
don't be sad. Get glad :)
caught up on Twitter, which means I'm way behind on Read It Later now.
Bill Hoest~ I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
"Everything's okay in the end. If it's not okay, it'd not the end."
quick! Someone tell rick santorum!
Not surprising, but Rush Limbaugh is amazingly callous about former NFL players and head injuries.
ok so make my eggs
Peer groups are energizing and always worth the time, I highly recommend you find one...
Working the craft table at for
both tested positive, both served bans, both reinstated, not quite sure your question beyond that.
There's no food in my shitty house
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
lazy.butt.idis luckily I don't suffer from this...
Tornado! Oh no, Auntie Em!
He's such a buttmuncher/ imma tell ya ONE TIME
Okay so what you wanted to talk to me about.? RT : well I was mad N bored
Where's the inciting incident in Groundhog Day? When he wakes up and its still Groundhog Day? That's page 25!
6 services in 18 hours! 2 down 4 to go. Please pray for me - my voice needs strength.
What are y'all doing to honor American Craft Beer Week? To start, we raise a glass to founder Capt Frank, #craftbeer pioneer
I need a dinner buddy. Totally trying to stuff my face right now!
Sleepless night for cpope
No problem!! we "liked" your Facebook page! I really like your music.. love your style! Thanks for following back =]
Be kind to one another
I need more followers! Any Takers?
what up
thanks for the follow
there releasing a brand new album real soon , i dont remember when tho
#AndTheFortuneCookieSays... All things come to him who goes after them.
. users can build tools better and faster than govt can. Govt should provide the necessary data/api
Watching your highness in bed w the droid.. First meeting with the big boss in my new position. I'm unnecessarily nervous!
haha. I probably wouldn't have noticed the 5 yr old terminology if you'd have talked about lacrosse
I'm eating at zios !! Are you gonna let that slide Rene
Complete disaster! : Final NYC snow total for winter 2011/2012: 4.5 inches. We got 61 inches last year.
Work #blah on the plus side i woke up to,a giant bunny pillowpet
“ Still got some unanswered questions.”
lmaooooooooo so it was alot of a little?
And im mean. Just called peoples moms ugly!
Visit with Paratext at Organization of American Historians conference next week in Houston, TX. Visit Houston before summer shows up!
have a great night peeps think money,lol
One of the very nicest things about life is the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating.
Off work. Let's take over the world.
My dad is a huge Baltimore Orioles fan. Fond of telling him he wouldn't have missed anything if he just awoke from a 14-year coma.
I haven't been tweeting a lot >.<
Watching waiting to exhale
Don't approach a goat from the front, a horse from the back, or a fool from any side. [Jewish Proverb]
I'm not really "cool" with any of my EX's.. I don't see how you fuckers do it *shrugs*
follow back please?
Love is like a calculator, u just keep ending up back at zero
Just got my yearbook. 👌💜
RT : Stay tuned for Charlie Boy Gang new Mixtape dropping 5-28-12 NO GRIND NO SHINE. Weworkin
Oh I had the best time with you too! And lucky for you my turkey neck didn't take you out. ;)
thank you for following us
#dhtrial jury won't take a lunch break. Someything going down now...
My mom was telling me all the things she does for her seminary class. She's so embarrassing and adorable and hilarious xD
Three secrets to a successful SEO strategy are: 1. knowing what to do internally 2. knowing what to outsource 3. knowing who to outsource to
thanks for the depressing suggestions. ;p
Thanks for the follow! Semper Fi from one proud Marine Wife :D
feel free to bring some across the hall
I will look into it. Thanks 4 the heads up
lol I would never destroy this book my dear, I'm probably going to order my own copy <333
love that.
just putting that out there :)
this policy brief is slightly killing me.
rofl RT : And on the 116th Tweet, I might've gotten in trouble.
#LETSGOYANKEES! LETSGOYANKEES! LETSGOYANKEES! In our park? #Yankee fans stealing dingers? In our park? Makes me so sick! Wake TFU #O's fans!
Filming songs all day. What a loner.
Well, I'm already sure of what it is.
whatever you don't know what goes behind closed doors! I don't go to deep into these people lives
I bet Alice Sebold wants to send Peter Jackson to his own "perfect world" for that one.
that may be the craziest thing he's ever said.
Never go to bed mad, stay up and fight.
thanks for the props!
Ima bring hot chips tomorrow :) I'm not Sharing
They gave that #Yankees Garden Gnome Mark Teixeira's eyes.
I use it to save my Instagram photos to Dropbox & notify me when new movies are added to Netflix instant.
Live life to the fullest <3<3
Haha -- I'm sure you'd outrun us any day! Either way, I plan to bring my exercise gear -- nice surroundings for jogging!
Too tech-challenged for Skype! Did your client adopt or "inherit" the 3 kids? Or (OMG) did she have trips???
Where did this rain come from
oh I didn't forget, I was just trying to see how much it would cost for a plane ticket and a hotel lmao <3
Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, but in understanding be men. (1Cor 14:20 KJV)
agree happy birthday to
Welcome home, Justin!
Thank you everyone for the #ff mentions
Whoa!...impressive you can sing...who knew?!!! Oh yes and you're not a kid any longer. Crap you're all grown up.
Happy Hanukkah to our fans & followers!
Hello to everyone attending the TLA 2012 Conference today! Use the hashtag #tnla12 to share your experiences.
My M-W are CRAZY busy, worked 7am-7:30pm today! But well worth it cuz I only teach 5-8pm Tuesdays & have Thursday & Fridays OFF
Thanks so much for the RT and enjoy the PBL resources!
let's write it! I love it! What is Alessandri up to these days anyway?
We are super excited about our Cinco De Mayo pot luck on Friday! What exciting plans do you have?
I would pay close attention to detail if I were you, you might miss your claim to fame.
that can't be Matt Kemp? Close maybe.
tomorrow we could go to the first ever hooters when the game is over.
Tech Events in June/July ---? E3, WWDC -- what else?
and then I proceeded to put a crayon up to my lips instead of the graham cracker I was reaching for. It seems she was right
check out 's version it's legit
Also seeing loads of malicious search results from "Hunger Games" related searches. If you have a fan at home, make sure they are aware!
To much drama out here!!! Hangin with fam
yeah do That!
... Have your legs be twice as long OR have your arms be twice as long
The baby isn't taking care of that?
Can't believe that I'm still up at almost 3 in the morning. Ha
awards getting kinda boring
oh,no problem:D
correct you should be hungry and eat every two hours!
Are you looking for a handyman to take care of your unfinished projects? I can help you with this task. Thanks for your time.
Whoops, forgot about Twitter! Here I am!
Take that,
u got skillz kid keep it up(;
okay 1). I'm not handsome. I'm motherfucking Beautiful! Read my Bio b*itch ^_^
It's 2012. Are there really still websites that haven't figured out how to allow you to save a password in your browser?
Make sure to wish a happy 21st birthday!
Shout out to the lovely and talented Recruiting Mgr for Fahrenheit Technology. Give him a follow
Thanks! I really appreciate this. How can I send you the questions?
2 piece... Swimsuit. Imma have ppl in Chicago saying that.
so you agree. you think you're really pretty.
Not to sure if that tweet was a #sadtweet or #happytweet ....
will do!
Need to make my dreams a reality!
um no so much
Thanks!! Have a great weekend:-))
You got my ticket?
Why Yes! But of course.... That's what I Do Lil' Mama!)
Got two more shows in Dayton before I move to Boston!!! Stay tuned for more details!!!!!......rage!
Please tell your friend to follow me on twitter and on Facebook :D
So Facebook bought Instagram. I'm sure Mark Zuckerberg won't make any changes to it.
I want to jump his bones now. ;P
nation wide ground stop of all united flights due to computer glitches. hope i dont miss my cousins wedding bc i chose united over Southwest
my dominican neighbors next door are high as fuck right now #LMAO #YayaSisterHood lol
Yup on sale now!!
listening to eheheh
I feel like dying my Hair like Pure Red & just have Blue highlights in it or maybe a rainbow streak on my hair but that's a lot of Dye. O_o
do you like men?
The joy of Christmas is greatly experienced when you get the blessing of hanging w/ children like my niece Atalie. Merry Christmas!!!
Pittsburgh and fans! Pbs is showing le mis 25th anniversary sunday night at 7!
I am all mixed up. Reading Illiniboard and they had a fake Andy Katz tweet...Mixed up Katz and Seth Davis
BOUNTY Has A Twitter ...
So I met ths young man that look like a real life Golden Lord but I'm saddened that he doesn't KNOW he looks like one.
They say when times are bad you should scream the loudest. If they only knew......
that Rwanda pour over was pretty good
Just made me a meal na its tyme to smash watch a movie n relax
ON MY WAY TO MEMPHIS THEN CHI TOWN
It is!
living in a skyscraper, it can be very unsettling to watch the water in your toilet move back and forth during high wind storms.. really!!
Happier hour begins in 30 min.
Linda So has new info about the warehouse fire in Canton if you live nearby
Working on several great projects for -- she's got some really exciting things coming up so make sure you follow her!
Fuck them bitches.
if it was an accident and you hit someone in face, wouldn't you apologize and look concerned?
Why is bass the leading scorer.... Not hatin on him but... #big3whereuat?
We're biased, of course, but it IS titanically good.
opening of of makes it a little tough this weekend...however, next could be in the cards..when are you in KS?
RT : Does anyone do eportfolios in a low tech school? #sschat >>Important question.
IM GEEKED UP
There is no better exercise for your heart than reaching down and helping to lift someone up -Bernard Meltzer
Deval is a raging Queen. It's not out yet but mark my words, it will be.
You can be a great player at an average program or you can be part of an elite team and become a superstar.
Museum and Gallery Listings for April 27 — May 3 - New York Times
yup!!! Crazy it's at 10am for me
Your talking to a stranger im not that girl anymore. ♥
Sounds like fun
Why the f@&! Is everyone so LOUD!?
Thanks, Mike! Nice work with #AAPI TImes.
Brownsburg high school please turn on your air conditioning!
it is wat it is man..im not go undastnd da shit eva so ig it aint no way
I'm glad you enjoyed the video. It's the first in a series we are doing this year.
See you soon!
i heart you moree
we gotta do something then sista...... And nope B left not to long ago.
Running for the 1st time in three weeks on my bday! Hope it gives me good luck for my run.
My car just died. Happy Friday!
i have one and there awesome but somtimes they can be annoying
How long should you wait after getting a guy's number to call? I met this really hot guy at a BBQ in '93 and I don't want to seem desperate.
Tonight on #FrontRowCenter, show their country/folk sound. With T-Bone Burnett & On Ch 10 at 9.
It’s amazing how much work gets done when you are on a week-long motorcycle trip. I should go more often.
im single!
all i ever do is rearrange furniture.
I don't mind the en dash, but the em dash is a punctuational eyesore. So ugly.
RIP Vaclav Havel. "The only lost cause is one we give up on before we enter the struggle"
so sorry my man...........we had a bunch of private caterings!where are you from????
dumb question
NPR just played the first few notes of the exact franz ferdinand song I had stuck in my head. Coincidence? Or cosmic sign??
Wait...Glenn Close isn't a man?
I encourage post breakfast day dreaming!
“: Ash wednsday service with my mom” Such a good boy you are!
Saturday AM dance party with my babies. #k'naan
What color?
Good morning and God Bless you twitter folks!!! :)
I can't fall back asleep.. Can this week be over already? :/
...in philly, there r also many young well-educated families who dont want 2 move 2 suburbs...
MAKE FREE THROWS
rescued my dog Gigi, was the best thing to happen to me.. she's totally my bestie <3
how busy?=
Who is they? In reality it's a few people running a museum in Boston. So you're holding all of the U.S. in contempt?
Well. Guess maybe I should think about getting out of bed .....
Dear Twitter, I'm abusing you. </3 love, the person who barley tweets.
this is a test
:) thans dude<3 eat all the cookies yet?;)
thank you! Check out my band. www.mevsmyself.net
17 hours, 2 planes later and we have landed in Phnom Penh!
You deserve better...
Give me an eargasm.
Hrmmm...was it already cooked? That helps, but I probably wouldnt trust it.
#IdolBackstage ! I wonder who will go home tonight !:/
hit the three wheel motion on the way...u got our shirts?
make a wish make a wish and say <3
I got a new dog, his name is Moose. (:
they ate so comphortable wore mine every day since I got em
If you require people to do one of those a 2-step verifications before you will accept their email in your inbox, you = douche
That's the best thing you could come up with?
Huh? NOT what I'm told! HA! (just kidding!) =D RT Now let's not get personal. I'm NOT nuts! ;-)
Me and had a great live production at I look forward to hearing the songs she got to them
Geek Pub Quiz: After food, starch is used in what worlds thin products?
Happiness is buying a treasure trove of tools at a garage sale! :)
wow so you can even be here for me as a bestfriend .
Rohberger: OA challenges use project based funding, intellectual property, and access.
There's something humbling about listening to Radiohead's 'Kid A' album while the sun is rising
I'm usually very patient with people but I have NO patience for foolishness
Kira I already know you're gonna read this so I'm not gonna @ reply to you... Did you know Marinas trench guitarist is from Vancouver?
We are live on with the #REGGAE radio show... Sizzla is on the turntable Boom!
will b worth it! ;)
in 3rd quarter still?
my apartment had 30 foot floor to ceiling windows in the living room and today they're getting cleaned! SO EXCITED!
you are the worst!!!
Did you ever get help with your Twitter following issue? We follow far fewer and experienced the same (temporarily) yesterday.
Lockhart ISD closed today due to heavy rain and power outages.
can't believe I had another dream about u and I'm not evening dating u.but I wish I was ;) </3
Still waiting
Creating a planet has proven quite difficult.
Still not sure what other solutions Nance offers
This is shaping up to be an epic gathering.
Yea, I have tickets already. You?
the superbowl is gonna suck smh!!
Headed to the Chicago Spring Classic this weekend in Waukegan to watch several Wisconsin teams participate in a strong event.
Stay strong. Strength is contagious.
Mike ’s Early View of the News April 24, 2012 Android and Windows phones with gorgeous displays Samsung Galaxy Nexus Cnet rating: 4.
I always knew I was never going to be a professional bull fighter, but that's not why I did it.
Wow these girls at the library kept staring at me. I felt like i was going to be raped or something•.•
people finna start commin because the club down the street ends at 2
97 on Final Speech in Oral Communication. #Boo Yah
Excited to be on Twitter! Jungol updates coming soon.
I love my friends. So much. SO MUCH.
yes in times square
Dogs have the life!
Where da hot muzik at out here????
Two Words...... Go Blue
Great day of learning about all the free educational resources available through
well those are boring.... except the yellow lol
Won our soccer game!!! 7-0 yeah buddy
There is no easy path to fulfillment and Truth. The work is hard but most rewarding. Those who try shortcuts are condemned to false illusion
NP "Queens Of The Road" Rita Jones
D EdWeekTeacher These 2 links you just posted aren't working. FYI.
They threw a revolution and nobody came. McPherson square more or less empty at the moment.
#np jack the ripper - 2003 wayne .
I'm ready to see a kick ass Daytona 500 been waiting all weekend for this
R.I.P Ryan Dunn:/
"Never let a man persuade you into having an open relationship. A man who loves you won't want to share you."
Better you than me :p : I am in my own personal hell.
your late! you should of been here hours ago....
if you listen to one direction don't even bother talking to me..unles you're
's Place sippin' a GE Drink Bangin' "I came alone but Im leave'n wit ya' bitch"
The month of February 2012 will celebrate the life of President General Sefako Mapogo Makgatho and the collective that led the ANC with...
That reminds me. Was it your cellphone in the photo of the infamous broken floor, and did it ever lose signal in the crater?
Bill, I'm a little obsessed w u rite now. RT : RT : With Bill Maher"my tip for leaders don't be a ruler be a se ...
What a busy day! I'm just coming up for air. It's raining like crazy! I can't even see clearly outside. hope the windows r up on the truck!
Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
The reality is our POTUS respects women and its apparent by the way he treats his wife and girls AND how he relates to women in general.
I appreciate you following me!
Thank you so much Allison!
That pretty much sums it all up.
chase! where'd ya go? :(
Wanna help inspire my new song? Let me know what your favorite cities/landmarks are across the US!!
LES GET IT! www.Myspace.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.YouTube.com/FaddyDaddyMusic www.Facebook.com/FaddyDaddyMusic
Watching horror movies and calling it 'work.'
If I beat he might shank me. Yikes..haha.
lol I try but they all come out ugly to me
I get such delight watching all the Brits and European drunks complaining about their Sunday morning hangovers
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. ~ Jim Carrey
...and to the interest for which we pay, compoundable with crazy interest rates, higher taxes and lower pay until the day we die.
Do your company's websites attract home owners? Paradox M's home warranty and home security lead campaigns can accept host and post leads …
you go above and beyond EVERYDAY to make your fans happy.THANK YOU SO MUCH,we'll always be here for you. <3
I LOVE OUR BACKGROUND
Happy Birthday ! <3
Wow the colts could get beat by a high school jv team
its gone b ok mama God gotchall;)
awww and who are u talkin about??
Just seen the Barlow dunk. Sullinger should've immediately substituted himself out of the game.
RT : With Over 50,000 Hits In Just a Few Days Us Over at The Donut Fresh Factory would like to Thank EveryBody For All......
Thank you.
DALLAS AND FORT WORTH ARE TRENDING! Come to our #BlacklightPartyOct22 and bring your high school ID, follow to win tickets!!!
Not having Facebook feels very strange.
There are better ways to get my attention than throwing a rock at my window... Maybe since the window is open, saying "hello"
Go follow me
Best Day EVER!
THIS!!! RT : If we don't go through trials, our faith won't be challenged & our growth will be limited (1Pet 1:6-7)
The Maine squeeze is
What will make you smile this weekend?
You work hard, now it’s time to play hard. $5 DOUBLE Jack & Cokes and $3 shots with jamming all night.
LIghts out in San Fran on monday night football.
AMAZING SHOW!!!!!
old colored woman just came into the office asking questions...i dont feel comfortable now
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
90s RnB >>>>>>>> - way better than the fuckery that's out now
Love is not blind - it sees more, not less. But because it sees more, it is willing to see less -Rabbi Julius Gordon
Stayed out east last night, gotta be there tonight for the candle light!
where do you work?
Back on my iPhone 4! Finally!
I expected things to be different, but not like this. “_"
Bitches is condescending , there methods are never ending.
follow and please :D x19
U da best. Great job last night in 'S Wonderful @ Westchester. RT : Anything to get the weekend started sooner than later!!
Gonna miss hearing all the news reports of the Black Bear sightings in Glendale... goodbye bear!
can I have the link to your blog :3
Thanks for following! Food allergy is rapidly growing health problem + the more we can educate people about it, the better!
Such A Good Day 😃
Really hates the people I live with..
Feel I got a long way to go.
Hahahahaha. Forgot the new name. I don't know you but I bet you like In-N-Out.
Craig hasn't been drafted yet, but he's still a darn good player. Fun story about how he puts in work outside of school tomorrow at 6&10pm
I'm excited for you that sounds fun lucky you!
after this one I have easy classes too.
gotta fucking headache now...this dumb ass just opened the window on my damn head...stupid bitch.!
you're an idiot.
Given that this was my first, both.
I feel like doing something bold....hm
Freshly ground and brewed coffee, maple bacon and french toast. 2012 looks like a good year starting off.
what's wronnggg!?
As a fan I loved that U were on Body of Proof & U were great! I cried how they ended U character's role. I'll miss U ♥
The new say murders droppin is somethin dat should be applauded. I won't applaud until kids and teenagers stop being murdered in new orleans
That is harsh and completely hilarious.
its probably cuz I have so much respect for the packers and I know..I see how amazing all of u ladies are..I have much....
Indiana killing Miami and i love it. keep sleepin on the pacers
what are you doing at shouldn't you be studying or something?
You know you want me, baby!
I love it bud! That's hilarious.
sitting in waiting rooms <<
if you DM me your e-mail I'd be happy to take your contact info as promised - but claiming that we went AWOL is just not true
Just realized, I said 'swimmingly'. Sorry.
The tin bores me. Yawn.
- Mid 14th century French ProverbDon't expect things to go right the first time
- you can't race fast by training slow...
At least one coach a day seems to be visiting 2014 LB Raekwon McMillan from Georgia. Today is was the home state
.: Pay attention to the people that help you when you're low, so you know who to ignore when you're at your high.
Just waiting for the dumb asses playing football outside my apt to break a window...
i agree
I'm wearing mine right now : If Romney gets elected there will be an individual mandate that we all wear magic underwear
I think the sound of that mans gross throat noises beats the smell..
yesterday teas AWESOME!:) haha so stoked for Harry's maybe response:3<3
U WELCOME :)
Fuck I love his package!
“Be the change that you wish to see in the world.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
Ugh!! I need this month to go by fast!
gonna be a causal saturday. X l
Love your background image! So pretty!
Sampling the savory CheesesofFrance at the pop-up
Huge props to both Lt Egan & Rebecca Stirrett and their respective colleagues. All were super helpful & kind.
I swear, our socks combined partially block out the sun
Did u know a true leader is one who was first willing to follow? U must learn to follow before u can actually lead!
I Adore Her But I Can Not Afford Her, Now She Running Wild And I Can't Do nothing For Her.
Gaffield acknowledged that this data policy sounded good but resulted in almost nothing concrete at that time
spoonbill is the best tasting fish
or maybe we ARE the troublemakers!
It's too hot in st. louis today☀☀
On the way to the rodeo! Yeehaw!
Jack Johnson - Better Together - 11:28 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#FOLLOW me and ♥
It's Thursday which, as my friend Robin says, is connected to Friday. NOT SOON ENOUGH!
someone come love me. <3
Dear runaway 3.7GB VMWare process: I quit you.
I saw inglorious bastards...very excellent! beware...it was a bit gruesome...
You can't remake perfection ;-) RT If Hollyweird remakes Ferris Bueller, I will stop watching movies.
My neighbors just gave me some fried zuccini flowers. Yum.
How long do you have to say that, This is not the person I used to know. You're not the person I used to know.
I Miss you calling me tushie .....:(
~ Remember, you can't steal second if you don't take your foot off first.~ Mike Todd
Happy New Year!!
something different. Figured why not. Got you to click it ;)
some people are just ignorant luv!!
I guess you could say Indie Pop, you can dance to it, but its not to dancey, great for summer/good year round, no cheese.
Steve Jobs core philosophy: simplify everything
Weve won the last the Fridays :) we are now the Wingos RT : I gotta get out there! How u all do?
I assume not
We have been getting swamped with emails regarding fan reps for ....people all over the world are sending in requests ....
what job missy
Ass fucking wishes it could be as gay as you.
Getting in the car now. My mouth is already watering for the corned beef at 's St Patty's Day feast...
Wow! A giraffe's kick can decapitate a lion -- via
so you're tellin him there's a chance
Hahahah I hear ya. But regardless, the dudes got serious talent.
bored ass hell
All Of My Heart - Sleeping With Sirens #nowplaying you still have all of my heart.... The small divided &independant pieces at least <//3
Love the new photo!
"I'm the KING OF THE WORLD!!!"
RT : Overheard: "Dude, it's ok you can totally have red meat and be ok-it's the green meat...
I want to eat with Luly.
#moviechatters Are you a Action #movies buff? Or are Adventure #movie buff?
Hung out at the Angorium with for awhile. (the amphitheater for those who aren't in the know)
My mom said my baby gone be crazy like me...naw just an #gangsta that is al.
thanks for being super loud, jerkface thunderstorm.
thx! RT: news nets often pay for cars service, meals, hotels, hair, makeup. a $3 app isn't a stretch.
Antique shop?
I wish my neighbors would send their kids to boarding school somewhere VERY VERY VERY far away!
When was the last time HE was on basic cable? Lol “: in fact, i imagine no one was more upset to see "feat. cee-lo" than gipp.”
Really? RT The greatest to be released tomorrow thanks for the memories Peyton!
Life is a matter of SURVIVAL...one must take stock of what they have and do the best with what they have been given...WITH GRATITUDE!
Volunteered in the kids classroom yesterday- 1st kid, "multiplication is fun!" 2nd kid, "yea, fun like swimming with sharks!"
Jazz Pick of the Day – Artist: Robert Glasper – Title: Double-Booked – Label: Blue Note – Year: 2009 - Favorite Track – No Worries
Mention "TWITTER" to receive your FREE consultation today! 310-209-7700
nice choice! what would you get!?
Give us a hint... A morsel...of what the next show is about!
Been editing and tagging old blogs, adding images and upping to pinterest. Then twitters. Wheeeee. Impact? or just make-work?
I don't give a fuck what people think but he is the best boyfriend I could ask for.
Janet & Nick have #Warpedtour tickets this morning.
I'm ending this long week with half an hour in Starbucks and blogging. Best way to end the week!
beverly hills... That's where I want to be!
Congrats Theta Omega chapter on winning Greek Week for the 5TH consecutive year! (TY !)
You've turned into everything you said you would never be.
you handling your biz though. When you back in the studio?
Text Columbusdeals to 90210 to receive a text blast of our latest deals and be entered into our prize draw coming up in just 4 days.
Tiger isn't missing the cut, he's just darkhorsin' it.
There are men who think that? Seems a little condescending to me.
I feel as if I keep tweeting but I'm not getting more
Oh yeah!
'08 Presidential Election,55% of Blacks ages 18-24 voted. Was an 8% increase compared to '04. Blacks had the highest turnout in this group.
Try it out sometime. Serious fun. Drag and drop video/pic clips into template. I need to do one for our adoption profile! :-)
watch pranked, the best pranks are on that show! )
Back from vacation in St. Thomas and can I just say I am
Proudman J of the EWHC rules in Scottish & Newcastle Ltd. v. Raguz case involving s 375 of the Insolvency Act 1986: [2010] EWHC 1384 (Ch).
today at school my car got searched for drugs. apparently it was because the search dogs had smelled my air freshener.
neither and both, but I'm sure app valuations will never match of a standalone site
That is me, every time I do laundry. Every time.
Production staff full for June?
Happy Friday... let me see what I'm doing today...hm
Nigeria? South Africa? Where?
“: Sometimes I wonder if I'm too nice to the people I love. #alwaysgettingscrewedover”
We went to play mini-golf today. I won't be turning pro anytime soon.
when i make it big in this muthafucka im leavin alot of these so called friends high and dry
#chickendance was good fun last night in Newport, KY. Beer & Polka are my version of Soulfood & Blues
Be safe tonight. Portland Call Ride On. For a ride for you and your car 503-235-7433.
ohh but whats does that mean?
Happy Thanks Giving everybody ! A&M Rosmai
Im Bored LOL
Left over pizza
Love Ford's simple policy } RT : Agree 100%. Got examples of best policies? RT :
Happy Memorial Day!!! "How important it is for us to recognize and celebrate our heroes and she-roes!" -Maya Angelou
please dont speak to me like stupid! I know how works but with new prop d. does mayor have balance? can city council overturn?
bacon strips!
TY ma'am! Really appreciate that
Once again it's a great day to be a #Blazer in
Pinnacle Entertainment adjusted profit tops Street
I dislike this weather, ~.~
thanks! “: Yes! RT : RT : Congrats to & on their SEJ award
you do, quit complaining ;)
Definitely like that mix. On shuffle, I'll go from Sam Cooke, to Led Zeppelin, to T.I, to George Strait, Green Day, to..??
What is this about jelli radio?
Rick, your kind words move me. Your quotes inspire me. Thank you so much for YOUR support. Wishing you always...
Sick and in bed watching Tangled. *sigh* what I wouldn't do to have someone to hang with.
BBQing the baddest burger on the planet right now at work. MINI BBQ ALL DAY YOUNG GUNS, WILLIAM H BONNY COWBOY NIKKUH
MLBPA says no suspension as well.
Very upset about the salmonella outbreak in tuna in 20 states. I really like sushi and I guess I have to take a brief hiatus. :(
Weight Loss diet - Tips for Powerful weight loss
I hope you're happy.
Just spent 20 minutes loading the video for The Ballad of Mona Lisa by #Worth it :D
Here we come, Toronto and D-Hoo!
Rentrak TV program “stickiness” (attentiveness) and Bluefin Lab’s “social media index” help identify high value engaged, multitasking audie…
Still got alot to do with fat fat on my hip
one of my followers! haha
L.A. need the triangle offense they can't play this new shit
i love my wife. just thought id share.
Yea, the secret to enjoying it at all is starting w rock bottom low expectations. Then you can be pleasantly surprised.
Guys you have to get in here.The coffee is great and you can stay safe from the rain.Try our Pumpkin Spice Chai Latte,or Gingerbread Latte!!
Hello Twitter !!!!
LOCAL BANDS FROM ANYWHERE CONTACT US AND BOOK US WE WOULD LOVE TO PLAY WITH YOU!
Need 24x7 access to a #virtualoffice or #meetingspace in #newyork? Davinci can grant you access in several areas of manhattan! dv.co
Consider a rewards credit card. Many will give 2% on ALL purchases
Someone text me!! I'm so bored!
hahah ANY job is better than 54!! And yeah, I'll see if I can squeeze you into my sched ;)
Looking forward to tonight's Irving Democrats meeting. Hope to see you there! Rancho Restaurant at 1210 East Irving Blvd, 6:30pm.
Watching hearth cooking going on in the restored kitchen at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello on TV. Too bad I don't have "smellavision"!
you guys rock :-)
A favorite running song of J is Aqua Barbie Girl. Throw it in among a lot of other randoms and it is sure to make you laugh.
*both! ": *Wing Stop“: I want boneless wings from apple bees! :(”"
i hate workind part 2 is fiting 4 the broncos !!!! text me
it depends on how the defense is playing it and the shooting ability of the wing.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
Some guys can be so hot.. Yet such douches.
RT Wow Pacers ain't playing!
“: LB grand prix race weekend... Gonna be crazy down here!” I could hear them practicing this morning from my bedroom!
please love me ?
haha nah I'll just suffer in silence.... literally!
Super excited about in Chicago next week. I'm signed up for four free sessions! bit.ly/8wDWQ5
-Roses are red, Violets are blue, He's for me, not for you, By a chance, You take my place, I'll take my foot nd smash it up your annus
Got caught lol
I'm never on twitter wow
“: Hitting your hip on a corner and feeling like you've been shot "LMFAOOO
seeing cute couples...
No B day for me 2moro...
I need a #FantasyFootballMiracle !
i bet u actually know what #cgbb means lol
Because it was the strangest thing. I'll message you my # on FB so we can talk about it if you want
you've got the right idea, sir
Damn I'll be a senior in college in less than 24 hours! One more final BRING IT! ;)
This nigga in front of me has to be thee ugliest!
Thanks! We'd love to be in London one day..Keep in touch
Apparently my library is built on top of an old pet cemetery. For real.
An hour in line at the post office only to find out they couldn't help me...awesome. What can brown do for you?
WHAT! I WANNA KISS TOO
funny, I was thinking coffee, soup, and grilled cheese day!
glad you're having a goof day :)
See the FB page for important letter to Superintendent and Board
Can't find it!
Hmm how far off are these concerts?
order me one! Best picture ever.
actions speak louder than words!!
k i'll be back after 1030pm est weds night then [afternoon 1230pm kst for trunks]. trunks when are you free?
same awhh, why can't PCA exist? :(
KILL YOSELF CHICK
I'm home, too, Ernie. Had expected to go but got sick :(
lmfaoooooo omg ill bring one to haha thts gotta be the most embarassing food to eat
Nice Dude! Thanks! I enjoyed it!
#snOMG no prob ... but embarrassingly had to google
All my life i've been good but now i'm thinking what the hell
Happy Monday, Pat!!! Hope you had a good weekend...good to see you here!
Add so I can DM you the Facebook group link. Hotel coordination Rideshare stuff.
Good Morning & Happy Mothers Day to all of the Mothers on my TL
good luck with finals...don't miss that fun time can't wait to see lists
Welcome back! RT : So very excited to be headed back to Silicon Valley after 7 (seven!) years away. Yep, last visit was for Palm
hell no lmao
I can do all things through Christ who gives me strength :)
#Today: Take 10, yes, just 10 short minutes for yourself. Do whatever-anything, but that 10 is your's alone, a gift from you to you.
Got to be an extra in the new Dark Knight movie yesterday! Still trying to quell the excitement!!!!
No way!!!!!! If @ kym_johnson and Jaleel go home Im going to be so pissed!!! After Karina, I only watch for kym!
If Dis Is Really U Follow Me Becuz I Respect Wat U Do 100% N U Following Me Means Alot To Me Swag TGOD
nice drop Laroche
1 little fart in the shower will really ruin that so fresh and so clean feeling
Don't do it, gurl. Air contains sufficient calories.
it's a ton of fun- you can have teams of 4. is running it with & too!
I'm at House in midtown For talk by of Union Sq Ventures. We're milling, damply.
Coking the daughter & I a good dinner. Shrimp, red peppers & rice. Yes, the shrimp r wild caught, & the other parts of r meal r
best 2.50 ever spent. Who complains about 2.50, seriously? I can get a publicist for less.
Awesome list of top 25 Daddy Blogs ! Also if you haven't checked out DaddySwag.com yet, we would love your feedback! :)
With my pops having lunch.
Why does project Newt the winner when he is 4% behind Mitt?
Thank you for following us hope you enjoy our great deals and tweets.
U Gone Wish U Did Right...
: Big sale on Cressey and I's new Functional Stability Training for the Core product ends tonig ...
Rs Gold » Blog Archive » Easyly to create Runescape earnings For ...
and I had high hopes of it be somewhat uplifting.
delete "in libraries, which boils down to" and it still applies, I feel! ()
Next at #kodm will be speaking about the Europeana Data Model and what it might be possible to do with it
You two are cracking me up! I get to / have to live with - good or challenging, depending on the day :)
i want to go on a cruise!
Had a great time in the concert :-)
I wouldn't mind some good fish fry tonight. Any suggestions?
Lol she going ham..!!!
It would be awesome if no one called me today because I'm trying not to talk myself hoarse today
Give ppl something to do. Tell them what they need to know, direct them. Use active language.
Hahaha. RT : Beck: I wish I could poop outside. Me: Don't even think about it.
come on racers....lets win.. .follow me..miss alexis todd on twitter
Since when did every single Indians starting pitcher lose the ability to throw the baseball over the plate for strikes?
Haha! Toys strapped to the roof of the SUV too?
thanks miss :-)
Remind me to shin kick you
What did you work out? I'm about to head to the gym myself.
Looking 4ward to Taste of Dine Originals tonight. Event benefits the Buckeye Ranch- helping kids w/ mental & behavioral issues. Great cause.
#FF My Brothers
My dentist is unreal! The absolute best of the best. I have officially adopted him and all of his staff into my family!
Broccoli is a super source of antioxidants!
And Kevin Spacey just gave a shutout for Long Day's Journey !!! And Nathan Darrow!
Looking forward to #CT2011 in Boston - would like to meet up with #publichealth school distancelearning professionals. Tweet me
The Barnes and Noble in Union Square is AMAZING! So many floors! So elegant! Almost and entire floor devoted to Children's!
how hard is it to actually get noticed by you? Because all I want is an I love you tweet or a follow to make my life... <3
Maybe I should have paid attention to #Klout ... ever. I wanna drive a , too! Dang.
two door cinema club, fleet foxes, the shins, arctic monkeys, phoenix, beirut, mumford + sons, bon iver
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
Part 1 of my MA strategic fashion marketing interview tomorrow #LCF written assignment
Another huge thank you to for accommodating me on short notice today for some fair weather shooting!
Cover CBs, like Smith=pass rush better+ give option of more aggressive Def play calls.
Its early but it is a beautiful day! I will be happy for I know I am
Which toys are you most likely to use in bed?
RT : Use quotation marks to express skepticism: Cher’s “Farewell Tour,” Creed’s “Best Album,” Jay Leno’s “comedy.”
I see Got tht black candy paint on the 300
Amazing "A Steady Rain" rehearsal and awesome vocal rehearsals for "Nevermore". GREAT DAY FOR AUP!
#NYJets should sign Jeremy Lin! He'd easily become the best passer on the team!
I don't enter those things. Never win. But if you'd like to send me a gift card, I assure you I'd put it to good use!
Back to reading interview transcripts. But this time with a glass of wine.
she probably saw bailey
Ops. I mistyped your name instead of sgillies. Sorry about that.
follow me ill follow back:)!
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
Ellen Brady buying push polls
Don't say it unless you mean it. And if you mean it, be ready to prove it ' ♥
indeed I. Do!
everyone home safely? I am! Reply yes to let me know when you are home. Fun drive to Seattle!
have read 4 different dissertations today that did the Methods Chapter 4 different ways - does that mean I can do whatever I want?
Have a good day, Stu! :)
lol, to each his or her own; hope you have a great day ahead of yourself despite it beginning outside of your comfort zone...
Many thanks, Jenny. And thanks for your early support of the book!
$5 to #Wikipedia that was long overdue
I am at peace with that mighty sacrifice...
I felt that way the other night when retweeted me. Lol
no, unfortunately we don't carry the g series, it's too leet for us :) though they may have it online(?)
yeah ik... but its so hard to time it rite
I bet Bubba Watson is celebrating his victory with Larry the Cable Guy at Augusta's finest all you can eat catfish establishment right now.
so tonight was pretty good..probably gunna watch some Kevin Hart now.😂
I wish #oomf took German class with me so I could cut up with them about it!
black wolf opened on Wednesday. Let's go. $100 a hole? Teams?
invite urself over
When will Wenger face reality? Maybe when Cesc and Samir and RVP and Jack and Verm move on he will wake up
like em all -
So what if we shot one mentally ill person? At least we don't descriminate, we shoot all kinds of different people!
ME EITHER LOVE THE SHOW
Nuclear Magnetic Resonance you will be the death of me.
Wait, how do I get a checkmark?
I didn't see it while I was there yesterday working the tractor pull.
Beauty gets the date. Substance gets the ring.
*hugs u* haha
of we combined we would be scary sexy
Thankful for this Cool Spring Weather!
Oxy Mo: Numbing sensation... (kinda how I feel right now)
Never be afraid to sit awhile and think. ~Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun
oh word, you be fixing self checkouts like shit hahah
everything is factored in, cash and/or online play, tweeting about poker, poker blogs etc. If anyone grinds we want to know!
You are.
Mrs. Hogan! HELLO!!!! Your just a sugar mama!!!! Pls stop!
Scratch that: Who had the lowest? And how did you do it?
#HoodAccountPasswords take care
Yo mom its your son:)
Love the title of this new cozy series :) Library Lovers Mysteries by Jenn McKinlay. "Books Can Be Deceiving" just came in & is a hit.
you can't just say..."guys don't change". Everyone makes changes when they ready.
some people spam that's why it's like 10,000 mentions. If people don't spam it will only be like 5000-8000. Lol
As big as Montana.
Lady love look how good I am at twitter. Love shady drive 4 ever.
it's true. :P
!!!!!! RT : Um Ron Artest is just one big DUMB MUTHAFUCKA.
Nod up to someone you know and down to someone you respect
FINA charge my phone before this trio thing
Wow! RT : #21JumpStreet is 87% Fresh on Rotten Tomatoes! It's out in theaters RIGHT NOW! Go see it!
I know. I'm sorry! You'll b happy I think.
Peanut butter no jam.
Im here for you to
RT LADY_LARSINY That bitch need to get her some money. She wouldn't be spending all mine!
Oh yes, I'm the McClains' friend.
Tonight starts our "Soul Review" Friday night residency. , , , starts at 8 with
nfl: coaches used to dress up (tom landry); now there are former-player-coaches who are fat and cranky and refuse to look good.
You're right. I'll do just that and then report back. Meanwhile, imagine the golf photo I want to send you
#vsa2011 I <3 social media, and you should too! Or hire someone who does ;)
That's true :P
If he gains weight, decrease the amount you feed. If he's always hungry, increase his food intake a little, being sure not to overfeed.
like the way the Bergeron line looks right now. put them all out on the power play and see if they can get something going.
Why thank you!
CAN I GET SUM ADVICE????
If you ever get the urge to try light Brie, resist.
I hope ur day is full of enjoyment
I can never finish apples, actually.
rollin up my cat nip and shittin in your litter #whyyoulookingbitter?
Finally changed my twitter name(:
Once more into the fray i go into the last good fight ill ever know
: Solution: Adjust expectations. I'll be fine. Just watching a brick go from a rooftop to a protesters head will fuck you up.
#ImagineMB U:RAY RAY!!!! *he runs in* ray:who do I have to kill? U:nobody! :) I just wanted to see your face! *Ray ray kisses you*
Pretending you didn't know about the phone hacking was/is the veriest ignorant argument.
Yes! Going to the sponsor party next Wednesday -
They're playing in this place right now! I just became the most fun patron in the Firestone public house.
I'm sick of companies getting mad at me for not paying my bills.
thanks for the RT
Thanks for the follow. Let us know how we may be of assistance. Especially our Sidebeat Music Show
Some of these girls now days have been ran through more than a finish line at a race track.
Why what's happening?
RT : "Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." -Robert Frost
the nightmares continue... tonight was Transformers and dinosaurs... complete with txt mssg from Optimus Prime. DONT LAUGH it was scarey.
I LOVE baked sweet potato juice!!
work is without today! :(
Might be? That ship has long since sailed...
Come to UK and hang banner
Off to Tour of Elk Grove today. Two big races this weekend.
Did you know Samplesaint mobile scan-able coupons have the potential to save more than 17,130,000 trees annually?
hallelujah!! God is worthy to be praised!!!
Playing Poplar Playhouse Sun, April 8th, 4pm w vocalist Whitney James. being recorded by KCSM's "In The Moment"
May 24 - June 9 See Bobby Gould in Hell.
New tea on our menu! Unsmoked Lapsang Souchong—A handmade tea that's rich & fulfilling w/ a very subtle smokiness from the roasting process.
#NeverShouldYouEver think its cool to smoke weed and drink alcohol they mess up your life
Matt Ryan will win MVP this year.
RT : City of Milwaukee --- SENIOR WATER TREATMENT PLANT OPERATOR application period extended through TUESDAY, APRIL 10, 2012.
"I wake up every day, right here, right in Punxsutawney, and it's always February 2nd, and there's nothing I can do about it."
Urs Gauchat recommends Konya host events year round as a cost effective way to build global interest & help to create a global city
My wife is wondering why I am giggling right now #I'mStillimmature
does marte look any more patient at the plate so far this season?
New York.. you?
what school you go to?
Hey #NYU students! Looking for a place to get a haircut? WS Hairstyling is the place for you! Earn LocalBonus points there today!...
Some lady asks me if this is where you catch the red train to Wrigley. Huh? She says I look like a local.
It's gonna be cool ! :)
someone tweet me? :)
LOL | RT : I live on 16th St. Hard to hear CNN over the celebratory gunfire coming from the West Wing.
come on now
U bitches gonna love me in my GUCCI Loafers
syncing to kindle now.
Bring the kids in for some new exciting books! And at 4:15, they can meet author Roni Schotter and hear her new book!
If we're going to do this can you do me a favor and make it more sooner than later
I Know D:
Yay ! You deserve this!
Thanks for following!
ahh how i love watching the tyra show everyday at 3 , ;D
Happens to me everyday!
Can't a young nigga get money anymore!
somebody should help me get 7 more follower.. please
I burnt my tongue on hot chocolate. Dammit.
You would like the session I'm in now. 'Understanding Mobile Metrics'
I like the idea... 5M instead of 2M :)
What is your preferred journal/news source on digital humanities?
<3 He is flipping gorgeous!! <3 And I'm not beautiful! ;o You are!!
RT : go to bed !!!! <<Yeah Mishon hit the sack! Lol
Hey every body u gotta see videos he's a talented kid and I would love the world 2 see this!!!
Me and the little one woke up with the flu today. Will be back to the twitter soon. Thanks!
Thanks Andrew. I just posted the article on FB
I saw it was 27 not 26?
Is it just me or is "animal husbandry" a really odd, but cool phrase?
Chuck Norris thinks, therefore I am.
Your evening is about to heat up as brings you the Ocean Models Season Wrap Party #tonight |
An inning of #Lueke lasts longer than a game by
Glad I left school today! #stillfeelsickdoe😔
Click 'LIKE' if you think 2012 is going to be a great year for you ...
Tweef is when your moms ain't safe up in the social medias (Biggies Voice) ": What's Tweef?"
Good Year Facebook:) Great news Azure College is accredited by ABHES.
It's deep how you can be so shallow And I'm afraid cause I have no fear And I didn't believe in magic Until I watched you disappear
oh “ She can get dicked down and ate up ..”
we are working on our new website www.lacrasiagloves.com do you have any suggestions?
first auditions today!
Yup at mbtb
#nowplaying Sex and Hollywood-
Ladies and gentleman,
#mudmelt Berrie: the way we express & represent science is culturally det'd.
you're kinda turning into a stalker.
That's a great #beerfact! We definitely encourage moderation and exercise too.
they only pulled you guys over because it's illegal to be as sexy as you guys. Duh.
i feel bad spamming you but pleasee follow me i really need to dm you :(
thanks for the promotion
blame it on the escapegoat! Oh, ???
I dont care about the how I just want to
Free Italian Lunch only
Yes, indeed! Thx for joining us :)
I have jury duty today, so we'll see how exhausted I am at the end of the day. I definitely plan on attending Allen's Oct 27 talk.
Stevie Wonder!!!!!
You cant control the things that happen to you, but you can control the way you react to them. Its all perception.
Hope all goes swimmingly. The moon is making all our local cats crazy!
Goodnight, hopefully dreams of tropical beaches and vegetables are in my future :)
Dave Snyder of : biking/walking: 12% of all trips, 20% of fatalities, & they get 1.5% of CA Transpo funding
RT : Waking up with a headache ??<<< take some Willow Pain Reliver I'm sure my Girl cheer u up Jamie :)
Leggo, bring Breezy on!
Thx for following!
I'll be at Toyota Center tomorrow for #Rockets #Kings. Since I'm 4-0 this season, Kings don't even need to show up. And, they're the Kings.
not feeling all this shit
#tool behind me, no one cares that you can bench 250, that you're 2% black, or that you met some hot high school chick at the orthodontist.
Five more pages left...? Ugh.
to ass to bed nigga
have my email then?
nice to finally meet in person. is happy to host your #riseaustin session. Have fun!
take a shower cause you smell like a sandwich. Hahaha!!!
Have you heard of the gluten free flour company Authentic Foods? Wow! Great, finely milled, high quality flours. www.AuthenticFoodscom
Maybe I should clarify: I don't hate Pac, just the way the media portrays him as the innocent lil' lamb.
Wow..I missed my 83k tweet. :c
hahaa U poor thing! J/k worse things could happen ;) Good thing your family let u make ur own decisions.
Yes, and James Dolan is the 8th plague
how was the show?
IM UN COLUMBUS,GA
That is hilarious... definitely made my day!
Invest your time wisely, for it will affect your quality of life 5 years from now
thanks mane. I'm diggin' this PU$$Y C&S you did.
Happy Valentine's Day Everyone!
Ravens vs. Browns @ 1:00 PM. Ravens can clinch playoff spot with win.
Get ready folks... The lineup for Booze Broads & Hot Rods #14 will be announced tomorrow
hey how u doing
What's your favorite tool to project Tweets at an event?
true statement
Shoutout to . Follow him!
Teaching, teaching and more teaching
Even in the loudest crowd, you can hear a whisper
Every girl deserves a guy who looks at her every day like it's the first time he saw her.
Just got in the crib from the park. Was ballin out
We spied a curious-looking nestbox with an inscription that read "Tweet & ye shall be re-tweeted".
My parents always defend my brothers. And then suddenly when i have tons of hmwk im a liar and its a bad excuse.
Whenever fat people tell you they are on a diet, it just means they started dabbing their pizza with a napkin to get some of the grease off.
how many are you interested in?
here's to those days when no one knew what yolo meant. how they were dull.
So true!! ": with age comes wisdom... with age also comes my taste for red wine. Coincidence, I think not"
“Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.”
Arrest murderer George Zimmerman and Police Chief Bill Lee for obstructing justice.
good bro u still in the mil?
you might think to dress up but don't. Look like a poor.
My #ff: :: great daily author and publishing tips!
Proverbs 23:22 - “Listen to your father, who gave you life, and do not despise your mother when she is old.” (ESV)
camels are my best friends. But ah, I guess it all makes sense.
Preach it Khristi Adams
no problem!
you want me to go out in this storm? 😱
Happy Father's Day!
tweets address. Apologizes to
Marni, thanks for following!
you got it, home girl. I'll be so addicted to using them. :o
YOu have to point them out, so they understand their suspect behavior, or let them plead their case.
Waiting on to pick me up 😁
So sad to realize how codependent one actually is... Or how I really don't know what to do with myself now. Pathetic right?
“: i followed back (: #tfb” thanks!
no problem! <3
Haha Your very welcome (;
Never felt so depressed and confused.
The rain does not help me sleep.
Just finished up my body paint shoot...it was pretty fun...but a little sticky :-)
I'd love if someone would spark me up right now ><
You know you want to follow us! Come on, even a reply would be good enough! We love you <3
GHS English acad team 1st in class 3. Have to wait until noon tomorrow to see if score of 16 will advance them to state.
Spring clean your engine, new air filter, new wipers, new fluids, new cabin air filter, new spark plugs, new brakes, new feron in a/c system
For maximum enjoyment, size your #garden to suit your schedule
I'm going to partake by drinking more #wawine !
I wish someone would holler out of a chicken truck at me, don't take that for granted.
Game of Thrones
the kids bop kids was at my job singing it all say now i love it ❤
20 more followers to 3,000, follow and ill follow you back.
yeah....you"re DEFINITELY not doing anything this weekend cause you're "SO busy"......
SFS' Andrew Natsios speaking at "Sudan at the Crossroads" at Holocaust Museum *this* Friday 930a. RSVP to ASAP
Work out then gonna get ready for work.
Mint.com...I'm an addict--their's an app if you've got an iPhone, too!
What an amazing birthday! Let the celebration continue :)
I'm dressed nice too so the world must be ending.
*steals mic* Hold up Beyonce ima let you finish but, had the most beautiful baby girl this year! (kanye voice) 😂
I really don't think I've ever wanted anything this bad before. I need to get up in the air.
Wow!!! You know things are way over the line when says "no, I can't do it. Its too much!"
Last night I introduced MW to Community, and we watched 10 episodes of Season 1. I shudder to think what we'll do tonight
Too awesome. I wish I had children to send to this camp.
RT : Dear People of The US, Conservative != racist, nor should it imply a predisposition to, nor affinity for, racism.
finally! home sweet home :)
i have welps from tyler
if you think the iPad feels bad, think about all the engineers that designed it (who are also listening to your conversations)
RT Why is everybody so sensitive now a days?!? Everybody relax
Listening to on 93.9 wonder if he's going to mention #PhillyJazz ?
Believe me when I tell you I'll never do you no harm
preciate it. And yea um ready for the "cough" start this tyme
watch she looks at you awkwardly during school...
Can you please accompany to my 8th grade dance this Saturday?!(: <33
Our show tonight at The Crossroads kicked ass! Getting nothing but great responses from the crowds, lovin' my new guitar, it's all good!!!
RT : "It is the ability to take a joke, not make one, that proves you have a sense of humor." - Max Eastman
Somehow show up for my 9:30 only to see we are watching a movie, could of still been sleeping
Really great crowd from and attending this year! What a time it's going to be!
Took a long nap and now I'm hyper as hell
Thats a wrap! Looking forward to another day... oh wait... that day has already arrived! I'll say goodmorning in 8 hrs! :)
At the #SXSW expo. Stop by the booth!!
star wars. Still NO MEDAL!
That would be fantastic and greatly appreciated! Let us know if we can help with providing more info.
I find it weird when guys sleep with any clothing on. ;) ": I find it weird when people sleep with socks on.”
I just wanna play "Ass" and tell to twerk to it... Just to she if she would lmao
The Patriots lost a close game to a Giants team missing its best two offensive weapons. That's not a great sign.
Now she sayin OMG I DNT feel like dealing wit them
In the Session: Supervisory & leadership Skills, the focus is very similar to how I teach chess.
Getting ready to go to my brothers baseball practice
Thanks to you too for all of your support! It is a daily privilege to work here!
A7"Great players make the plays theyre supposed to and a few more" Advice of bball coach, made major impact whn applied 2
k thanks Ill try that
i know but, we can help to make people follow her, the more followers the better :)
Looking forward to seeing everyone at the Info Session tomorrow at 12:30pm in room 111
Man am I the only one hype for this draft??
Inviting the social media universe to welcome our newest customer, Corrales Senior Living, here and on Google+
HI Alison, thanks for the follow!
Instant Emmy to the 1st netwrk to produce a talent competition judged by the Dowager Countess, Lucille Bluth + Colleen Donaghy
[high five]
Why do you wear shirts
You wanna know the best thing about having a mirror on your cieling? You can do your makeup on your bed.
LOL! love you too Brandon. what's up? how ya been?
My husband's office is just downstairs from mine and he sent me an email with an attachment to read...
Just automated my investing. It's not a lot, but it's a start. What are YOU doing to invest in your future?
Thank you! Texters, unite!
Cyndi Lauper's new hit, "Girls Just Wanna Drop F Bombs"... anyone? Too soon?
Need Youtube Views hit up 25000 for $50
What a day. I think I'll need a drink...let's just call it Cinco de Mayo.
S/o to for not being a pussy! 😊
um, that it was interesting enough to retweet?
In the theater gonna watch the hunger games.
Performing at a black history event ....in April lol. #blackpower #blackbrother :)
Can't right now...watching
What's up tonight, OKC?
Normal cholesterol and blood fat levels will help prevent heart disease and stroke, the biggest health problems for people with diabetes
We're now accepting suggestions for our next Black History Month film. Let us know what you'd like us to review.
They say life's a trip, I'm just trying to make mines 1st class..
So if is lucky enough to get a Grammy for his Xmas album, maybe I'll see him there >:)
Really?! That's awesome. I love them :)
Servicers Matter for Compare Ratios; How will the FHA Insurance Premium Change Impact Production?
i have no life(:
Good surprise running into this morning. Give him a shout if you're in the social media space. He's doing some cool things.
Come check out surrender only !
You are logging epic days. Solid. Cheering you on -- big fan.
Niggas be doing the right thing wrongly.
Before Mandonna I was in an all male Go Go's cover band called "The Go Go - Nads". We didn't have many fans.
Work is work and I get it in hbu
My head hurts.
I just thought how hilarious it would be if he had a big "Mission Accomplished...For Real This Time" sign hanging behind him.
Like this if u want to want hear new music!!
I would say so, I have been dying to go to the crazy sock store!
Penny Lane playing. Can't believe Beatles had a hit with vocals so buried in the mix. Must have been the flugelhorn
yeah it's so complicated and there's way too much to cover. I'd rater have a 2-part Catching Fire than a 2-part MockingJay
I ain't even gone lie .. I'm a pissed off Miami Heat fan! #ImDead !
hope you get back at me thank you!
New gear ordered. Can't wait cuz I'm hating the raggedy, stanky stuff I'm wearing today.
a faculty member sent it out to the dept. i'll keep my eyes peeled! how's your prep for the move to IL?
same here just got done watching it
Reading contest entries is always very interesting.
Love being well groomed? Be sure to come into EWC Carmel for our new promo, Bare Necessities! Get a bikini wax and product AND a $3 wax!
Saints are my 2nd favorite team(49ers #1), but Cajun food is my favorite. Ever consider a promo video? We're interested.
I like that the #ASM conference includes worship.
Lego! I'm sure knows some good ones around here in the Lou
Uh is it Fall today? Now raindrops? Right... I was spoiled the last few days!
Twitter turned me into an egg );
NextGen Leaders Council - Quarterly Dinner, Oct 27th at Fairmont Copley Hotel - speaker, cocktails & dinner, tix
Very good!
Just tortured a right wing campaign solicitor for Michelle Bachman. That's how you get off their list.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, BROTHERS!
Is it just me? But after 9/11 I don't recall Firefighters being called Union Thugs. They were called "heroes"
Just ate chineese food! :)
Joe Biden he even accidentally policy.
Yoga pants, no make up, and glasses. I don't even care.
Roses are reddish, Violets are bluish, If it weren't for Christmas, We'd all be Jewish. ~ Benny Hill
#thanks pa
the ghetto way of saying gunna ;P
ALL American
Wolf needs a new Glove
woke up with "When Doves Cry" in her head.
| please follow us so may forward a DM 2 U. Thks!
YOUVE BEEN TO AMERICA BEFORE???
7 lbs lost and more to go! Pregnancy really makes one gain weight, even if it wasn't my own.
hey you still up?
Okay...I'm joining the first to 1Million followers competition...Everyone who has followed Ashton and CNN join me tomorrow and I will win :)
pulled in $155 million this weekend, best opening of new franchise. Sounds like the odds WERE ever in their favor!
Stop being NASTY *Clapping hands*
In this life I just need some love , only sumthyn true . Don't wanna be alone , don't wanna argue just wanna get along .
Baby Bee was on fire at the Howlin' Wolf Den tonight!
I would love to get access to your mapping interface for my winter class, if it's available. Maybe collaborate? Let's chat.
Let's do it. MGMT/Tenacious D
precisely. I'm going to coin a corollary to Godwins law: all complex problems can be reduced to an XKCD comic.
GET ON YOUR FEET.
Thank you for sharing!
It better be, theres needs to be a cure for all us uglies of there
On my way to my Daddy's Birthday Party. Happy 43rd Birthday 
The faces of fellow passengers changed to a sad look when they realized that the nice man and his two year old son will be sitting w/us.
2 more days... i cant... its to long
Yeah and I could be Jesus of all roles.
Enjoying a nice weekend. Celebrated our 24 years with my staff it was a great time
Taco Bell, whose Doritos Locos Tacos debuted today, has produced 50 million Doritos taco shells for initial launch."
Henderson sheriff pursues government surplus equipment for county
Who's going to #Tax Section Annual May Meeting in Wash DC? Look for #PLC booth & resources. We'll keep you updated w/tweets, too.
Almost on set try'n to see if I can get 1 of these PA's to run to 53rd and 6th and get me that Egyptian chicken and rice...so good...
I hope you have a great Labor Day weekend!
cause u cant zip it
It's soo hot in my roomm!!!!
When it's 60 degrees outside the heaters in my building are on; when the weather is in the teens the heaters are off. Good job Lindsay Park.
Will the #Yankees make it? Panasonic EVOLTA Finishes the 230km Triathlon in Hawaii OSAKA, Japan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Panasonic Corporation (
Come see whats new on the menu! Great weekly specials, awesome new apps, and a 3 course Chef's creation for only $35! O' great drinks too!!!
Let me know I work at the arena ;)
Twitter jail does exist!I was locked for 4 straight hours.
follow back skid
Shawn where are you?
Just talked to some guys who hitch-hiked from Detroit to Portland. They run Trumbullplex Zine Library.
Quiet night is about to begin!
Back from the Big Sugar concert - those guys still know how to put on a good show!
Who's a Happy Camper ? I am !!!! went to #PACKERS game and work 3 days this week get paid for 5 !!
So far I'm going to two this weekend. Tell Angie she should encourage, not discourage, my going to games in person.
LOL...you do the same.
-- btw that last tweet to you was my #8000th tweet .. your so special :-) :-)
Ed Sheeran + a rainy day is a beautiful combination.
Many employers I have audited throw I-9, medical and all other hiring & performance documentation into 1 folder
Just ate whitey's with my clark's hat on oops
i will shoutout you if you follow <--- go go go :D
STEP BOYS ARE MY OBSESSION.
It's what I do I Love it l
If you could be a cocktail, what cocktail would you be and why?
It's a great day to work the night shift. I can enjoy our spring like day - all day!
I wanna win #divestock2012 tix! Hard to pick just 1 fave local craft beer but if you insist, I'll say anything
Anyone here loves 1D? Follow me :)
Can't decide what bar to go to tonight.
Holy hell am I getting a kick out of The Bachelor tonight. Bunch of nut jobs.
hope u r ok
We want to congratulate Joseph Rupert on his recent #AFTRA membership!!!
Love like no other. Love forever.
Bonnie Raitt Is one of my all time favorites.
omg i miss these days we used to have so much fun! I think im gonna cry!
Hot damn that was amazing ahjusshi can sing!
When your best friend thinks I switched her for him😢<<<<<<<<<<
booked a meeting during a meeting today. awesome.
Christine stop calling me I'm at the library -___-
like your tweet! Not giving up. Just getting started! Thanks for the follow!
Adele was awesome good job :-)
Hey, How come No Posts ?
I followed :) #followme ?
morning chad! How was the best of your day yesterday?
thanks for following me!
This album is a bit dated: Cash just told the kids fire engines and Russians are both Red
RT Thoughts from #completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand.
“: Also it's dope af s/o to dope track man #rep412” - thank you, glad you rockin'
If you need to drive on roads or attended public schools or get mail, you are dependent on government.
Need to clean? Hire us!
Power has been out in our Rockville apartment for 3 hours! What's up #pepco?
Me and Kevin used to sing to eachother .
it was really good! yes, they were. it is like she is fusing lewensky and levy's story together!
Thanks for the well wishes everyone! We are having a great time. So far, is one easy going kid!
I hate guys who say "My nigga" and "SMD" (don't want to write it out) but seriously though like it makes you seem so ghetto, I hate that
would like to see some tower cams.
This is awkward :/
Asking about stores so I could pick it up! Will give it to my future niece/nephew after screening for weird hidden images/propaganda
Ok yeah that. Sure. Any kid.
Thanks for the follow!!!
Despite the dopeness of TDKR trailer, those movies are still TOO depressing (as are the graphic novels).
Haha yes lawd! It's def gonna be hard to pull out of the parking lot on Friday..
. hope the #NBALOCKOUT is done tomorrow. I need something to watch and I'm not white enough to watch
Ms. Jen is getting ready for Tots Tuesday happening at 10:30 in the library! Kids will be making awesome "rainy day pictures!"
you're not crazy! Its true!
any progress at the meeting with #DrRichardMason?
I don't want to see Mayweather and Bieber together in pictures anymore
Happy Holidays everyone! :-)
I decided ima chill ALL day today...a little aggravated
and just followed ... about time
I don't actually know ahah! I follow quite a lot of people and just tweet a lot?:)
Thanks Looking forward to next week! #westweek at Christopher Farr Studio
And the bugs are actual bugs. Which I guess is a mixed blessing.
John King asks candidates to describe themselves in one word. I’ll do it for them, actor, swinger, zealot and diapers.
"When we come together in LOVE, all things are possible.
there's no salary cap! The question is: Does Peter Angelos want to pay ballplayers. Not "what to do with Adam Jones?'
Me and frank go back since one of my first case of the runs. THEN I had chipotle and that took my ass to a whole new level of runs
So the #Broncos draft Brock Osweiler from ASU, now another Sun Devil in Omar Bolden, what's next... are they going to draft ?
My last RT dying of laughter LEE-AM on a unicorn :p
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay If a person yearns for their friend but the other doesn't reciprocate, can the friendship still last or is it screwed
Dear Washington DC weather...go play in traffic
oh yeah...crying.
What games are ya'll playing this weekend??
My birthday is on Saturday!! ;D
Wants to see The Avengers again.
I love how everyone's problem solving skills revolve around "hey...do you wanna another beer"
and it makes my day when calls me a saint for sending her those pictures... :) x
But why is Turn to you on repeat every time I get in the car? Haha GREAT song! So touching! #loveit #obsessed 😱😘😝😍
Need someone to text me
Please like our Facebook page: www.facebook,com/Globaln3t
Watching Queen Nancy lie, lie, lie! Is she being waterboarded?
Playing with my new phne.... I love it....
I'm sorry you're sick Robin. I hope you feel better soon!
LOVE working with you too Jerry! You make my day
Going through my clothes and getting rid of a TON. Amazing at what it does for the psyche. I feel AWESOME!
Good morning. Are you available for a call?
60 minute at dogfish head
bring your guitar to my house.. I have my kit waiting to jam
My lil girl got sick but I wrote 20pgs. Still grinding it out.
They should have gave Rose CJ Watson's ACL !!!!!
I think it had a lot to do with the setting. Elevator as the door closes haha. Random.
The Boy who cried Wolf and the Wolf in Sheep's clothing. May be what's going on this year.
It's mothers day. But my moms in Newcastle. So it looks like my dad and I are going out to lunch.
We hope everyone had a great weekend and will have a great week.
": Relationships end because once the person has you, they stop doing the things it took to get you."
Just spotted CelticsRay Allen limping around CVS.
If my mom gets mad at me for not going to church cuz I have a horrible stomach ache that's will be just retarded.
here in cloudy FL now!
It's 4:50 in the morning, I have to pee, and there's a bazillion-legged gynormous bug on my floor blocking the door. Help. Me.
They're brilliant to bring you in, I really appreciate how much you bring to us in ThirdTribe!
Thanks for following Go check out hos work, fun illustrations.
"he is the all time worse crier."
these last few weeks of school are gonna kill me -___- can't wait till it's freaking over!!!!!!!!!!!
Thanks man! Yeah, hoping it won't be too long!
What picture are we talking about. Please send.
Real Hoopers wear Nike socks and Sperrys
Still hungry :/
Did u just RT your own tweet....?
2 more followers and the surprises begin ...
Getting to know an awesome new colleague the last month of school when I'm leaving in June = bittersweet
Doing some research on the digital music industry - does anyone know anyone that would be helpful to talk to?
His heart is secure, he will have no fear; in the end he will look in triumph on his foes. Psalm 112:8
Agreed. Call was accurate under the rules. Just is ticky-tack compared to personal fouls.
Sittin alone in the living room...no love from the roomies tonight
headin out for a quick skate then back to work.Working on art for a show opening March 17th!
Don't call it a comeback!
#Broncos Dawkins "they gave me opportunity to just be...they loved me, made me feel appreciated (Broncos)."
we don't call it Glen Dirty for nothing
#Trueconfessions I'm the guy in every POV porno you've ever seen.
Drawing a picture of you!!! Might Bring it with me to one of your concerts!
Fuck off Deangelo Williams. This is Cam's team you POS.
See, my problem is I'm scared of my own shadow. I still haven't quite shaken the clown scene from 'Poltergeist.'
I just want to be an alcoholic so someone takes care of me all the time.
Must-Read Caldeira: 'The Only Ethical Path Is To Stop Using The Atmosphere As ... - ThinkProgress
It's a gift.
Once you've claimed your business, how do you change the name of the business if it's not completely accurate?
So what about us guys that use glasses to hide our eyes because we don't wnat everyone knowing we are watching everything
Brieber is going to have a CRAZY story to tell in homeroom on Monday.
The epic failure is discussing a topic that is negative on a day of positivity for mothers. Today's a celebratory day!
lamo I know I'm sexy
Why, thank you!
Planned, or just time?
oh yes, i've been all over that
Sometimes, two people have to fall apart to realize how much they need to fall back together.
If its not real, then I don't want anything.
Someone in this office is listening to Faith No More right now and it's awesome.
It's tough coming up with my skill list. All I've got is singing, fluent Spanish, and a few dialects. Need to learn more!
Merry Christmas from Little Weapons ♥ Enjoy the holiday weekend with family and friends!
Another diary entry on 8/30/1993: "I want to see Calendar Girl. Jason Priestly's in it. I hope it's going to rain."
Auditions: the art of throwing your hat into the ring. Sometimes they laugh...and then throw your hat back at you.
Some r called to Change: communities, cities, states, & even nations but only a few will ever change the world.
comics are about fantasies of superiority over sexual insecurity and death, so... there probably aren't any. I'll try to think of 1!
So hungry I want to eat EVERYTHING
When you post a funny status and there’s that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
I still can't get over the fact that Justin bieber says swagey in boyfriend!
thanks in advance, it's really appreciated!
Tao Lin (): his dry, unpracticed delivery = riveting. "I didn't expect that to feel like that, he said."
Spent time with #Family today ^.^ it was fun(: hope to have more days like that in the future :D
...And tomorrow night, we're having another F451 discussion for those interested in getting more outta the book.
New Jersey (South)- need females to model swimsuits and lingerie. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
heading off on our big road trip soon, follow for the blow-by-blow
oops forgot to include you!
So glad the catering gig went well and is DONE. Just cakes for a while and perfecting my pasty recipe for farmers market......z
Can't get over HOW COMPLETELY AWESOME these Audio Technica ATH-M50 headphones are. It's like sex in your ear. Holy damn.
bottomline: HE doesn't need another doormat. If you're gonna get to 12, add an established program, or don't add one at all.
McRae takes the split decision! Great fight! #boxing -ms
"Let them hate as long as they fear" -Tiberius
Stabbing at fruitbat?
Seared some of the blackfin tuna I caught for dinner tonight. Tasty!
RT "WHATSOEVER U ASK IN MY NAME,I WILL DO IT 4 U SO THAT THE FATHER BE GLORIFIED THROUGH HIS SON" Jn 14:13
Just because her EYES doesn't TEAR, doens't mean her HEART doesn't CRY.
Remember being taught about the definition of science in school & the idea that science meant physical events could be repeated, confirmed.
I lost ALL my identity & financial information. A stranger, , called to return them. Need an honest marketer:
Will b Bck after 3 dis is my key to graduation
Do you still have my phone number?
Riding weather yet I still can't ride my bike :(
Zayn is my prince . (':
So Funny Shelby believes her name is princess. Just ask her :)
Not going to lie - I don't really want to go to a StackOverflow meetup tomorrow that's 19 men and 1 woman (me).
Evening Jazz ON-AIR Now til 1am ET. Sheila Anderson co-hosting. We're raising $CASH$ FOR JAZZ on Jazz 88 &
lmao thanks for the reminder
“We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm."
- Hahaha. Yeah, especially since you're used to a time zone that's later than ours. Hahaha.
Hi, this is Duncan McGriff, the hottest online radio station on the planet is WNJR-Newark.com.
What's a good way to digitize notebooks?
Omw to the airport .
Ugh! Im ready to leave now!
Yes I did - would really like to talk with you and others about it more.
thank you! It went grt - pretty fun & I am looking forward to exploring deeper now that #nycswmg is over
High five!
at my home
New job taking off running....I love it.
Yea u don't wana make ya man mad.. Lol smh
i cannot wait for the return of the Bluths!!!
I'm singing my heart out rn to Say Somethin.
She nailed it! They love her! Line for interviews and photos! So happy for her!
Chicago Defender: "...on the account of the only point of difference between men, that of the color of the skin." #239DaysLive #NAACP [2/2]
#Staal with a 10 game point streak!!
WIld Roses nominated for best series and me best actor at the Monte Carlo Television festival Going June 9 Bitter sweet as we were cancelled
Stuck in an elevator. Gonna live tweet it.
What is the solution? RT : I have a permanent solution to homelessness.
revenue team is making it rain
Genealogy certificates available for holiday gifts. Email for more information. It's a beautiful day in TN.
It's 3:50am and I'm not sure if those of you who are awake are up late or early...
Baby, Opposites attract. So were good!
Well, I just haven't gone to any of those "bride events" an expo would overwhelm me, but this twitter chat sounds good.
First Jack Layton, now Steve Jobs...
I feel handicapped when my work email is down
So, uh, this is my 600th tweet.. #yaaay #dontcare 🎉
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
first person to watch your Santa clause is coming to town #swag plz follow me:)!!!!
thanks 4 following back.
Hey are you Japanese? Cuz I wanna get in ja-pan-ese;)
I am
It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't.
Carmelo's performance is shocking. Almost Lamar like.
#HappyMothersDay to every mother that looks forward to seeing their children and spending time with them
#oomf just tweeted the exact same lyrics I was gonna tweet.
I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
looks like a werewolf. just saying.
Bored in physical science, downloading apps on my phone. :)
Exactly! I need to make one of those sleep machines but instead of tides rolling in, it's him reading dialogue.
Come get your Salsa on at CLUB COA tonight! Free lessons beginning at 10pm! See you there!!!
Wondering where Zusi is at - would think he'd be playing when he's near his family and whatnot...
Your love interest is a STAR.
your right. Im sorry.
Thanks hoty! RT congrats on the awesome 800 today!!
DJs Le Sprite, Mr. Automatic, Adam Killing & Omar Padron on the tables & works featured from 3 local artists! 10-4am, only at !
Time for practice!! :)
Thank u so MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME AND TAKIN UR TIME TO DO THT!u made my Night I WILL NEVER FOR GET THIS I EVEN WROTE IT DOWN!!
skinny boy, but i do it large like a 3x
Is it an autobiographical movie?!
I. Love. You. SO. Much.
thank you for following us
This is worse than the time the raccoon got in the copy machine.
Hey great choice grabbing some Franklin BBQ! Sorry for creeping, but hope you enjoy :)
Ridiculously rainy and cold. Definitely not pedicabbing weather, that's for damn sure. Day-drinking weather, perhaps...
yes ma'am
Where are the jobs for college graduates?
It is of great importance that you stay in your place... I would hate to replace you there
A little surprised the #Patriots sit on the ball here. 13-10 going into halftime.
Barefoot is the only way to go! I prefer the wet, city sidewalks with breaks for grass between my toes.
Thanks for the follow - you do indeed seem like a cool dude!
I can't watch it right now...maybe tomorrow
Real G's move in silence like lasaGna .....get it now?lol
still no call back from principle ((teacher threw my son's gingerbread house he made in the trash as a punishment)) your thoughts?
nice one of my fave jerseys and color ways out there.
hubby is getting your leadership bible for b-day!
oh that's right. I forgot you were short. Sorry :/
Good morning lovelys :)
About to make me some fried pickles, :)
Haha I thought that shit was off limitz! Bouncers will kick your ass for that.
Happy belated anniversary ladies!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
At the same damn time.
you ok there?
I could send you emails every five minutes. To try to knock that fear out of you. It's conditioning.
I wonder if voice actors for first person shooter games experience a moment of panic/confusion when they hear the word "headshot"....
mp3 ringtone maker. it's an Android app
Cozette is all excited about #Willow the CO cat who was lost for five years and recently found in NYC! Meow! Meow! There's a #mystery!
My sports #mktg hw was to read an nfl article on today AKA read my daily news hah! Life's tough :/
RT : The mama talk is off limits. Even Limehouse knows that. #Justified...someone tell lime house DONT piss off Raylan
Finally made it home for the wedding. Fingers crossed I get back to DC easy to finish up grad school!
When you hear something you didn't wanna hear and it just sucks the life out of you a little bit. 👎😔
This promo from Johnny Ace is getting me to like him more rather than hate him since I'm not a John Cena fan.
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms early this evening. Lows in the mid 60s....
Great article
you think these old dogs will give the young pups a run? just splashed that last second leaner
So, we meet again, Mr. Hess- but this time the advantage is mine! ^_-
Since there's two of us... it's for sure #biwinning haha
I have before :-)
that hairstyle killing P-Pain “: Yall niggaz be killing me man lmao”
Welcome! We are excited to have you & are looking forward to reading your updates.
Amazing how twitter activity slowed to zero as grant deadline approached.
While the Big 5 is the most reliable personality test even it has a 25% measurement error "Nature Via Nurture" by Ridley (2003)
yes. I had the biggest crush on him in 5th grade. He was in apple.
GAME TIME!!
Big day for ! Be sure to stop through for a coffee before enjoying the best Japanese cusine that Baltiomore has to offer!
no I did not. thank you for your service. I appreciate it. Black republican is far from an oxymoron. It's courageous and right.
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
From Vince (4:20pm): Dodge Co. warning has been cancelled. Storm weakened below svr limits.
yeah that's the bonus track. I forgot about that one, haha.
Okay, good, won't have to drive that far(:
There's this one chick at work who always seems angry to me. I wonder if I ever come across that way to other people...
Were you smart enough to think ahead and buy Southwest Drink coupons on eBay?
Hi! Thanks for the follow! I love The Scorpions!
Bought my plane tickets today - heading to the Honda Classic this week with - going to be a great week!
“Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but that’s exactly what it is.” Anita Roddick
Did a quick shamanic journey to lessen the pain of my toothache. It worked! The power of intention amazes me.
Thanks to all that came to for the screening of our film, especially the Adrian R'Mante fans. We WON Audience Choice Award!
O_O boys do cry!
Probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
i think my dog just walked into my room, farted and then left... erm..
I'm through accepting limits cuz someone says they're so.
Fresh Consulting crossed 12,000 fans on Facebook today - thank you everyone for walking with us on this journey!
thanks bro !
IT'S GAMEDAYYYY :) CINCO DE SPORTING
Its my lucky day!
oh man this is me everyday
Today’s Pas The Day Devotion – Fighting The Good Fight - II Tim 4: 7 I pray you were blessed by this morning’s devotion.
Money is needed to live. Make money though..do not let it make you. Do not let it control you to the point you make irrational decisions! RS
RT : 4 years 2day since our friend Kenneth passed away. Take time 2 remember how Ken lived & all the great qualities he lived by
If minority kids should be forced to work, according to Gingrich, what should rich kids be forced to do?
what? only if it's on a hit primetime show.
Looking forward to meeting everyone today at 5:30 at the Laurelwood Panera on Poplar for the #36Percent brainstorming session!
Republicans abandon 11th-hour Vikings stadium plan, schedule vote on prior ... - Duluth News Tribune
Noticing alot of people out there helping to spread the word about Woodfish. Lots of new followers! Thanks all for the tweets & the support!
Thank you to all of the Men and Women who are over there; remember: they're just following orders.
About to head out for my morning commute to Providence. #dayofdh I have 4 meetings scheduled today. Wish I could say that was unusual...
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Top 10 Tips to Transition Old -Fashioned Content Into Real Time Web Writing
still awake...smdh
I tweeted u By mistake..
Wow Georgia! I thought Carolinians had accents. And I thought Miami had mesquitos! But damn! Got attacked pumping gas!!!
I need that lady with the super powers that makes people poop their pants on sight.
my phone won't let me send messages so I'll have to talk to you on here
RT Via- Follow these great peeps
For Triptych, the last band of the night, we have a mobile cam, operated by Dan! Party!! Http://massiverocketradio.com
get them out of there you deserve to be comfortable
So proud of our military, CIA, president, and anybody who was fortunate enough to have a hand in this. Thank you for killing this scumbag!
I hate when u randomly wake up in the middle of the night then you go on twitter...
Fairfax County Police are carrying out a search warrant on Black Chevy SUV believed used in allegedly #roadrage death in Alexandria.
RT for the fans But the brewers bullpen guys jumped in after conditioning in the outfield one day. Its hot with the roofopen
thanks Kate, it was fun being in such good company. xo
u got it... Dominican cigars next Athens gig. Then "Athens cigars" aka fat blunts lol
we're very excited about #foundersnight. We have some alum coming in and we're playing A&M for the last time in the Big 12!
very weird watching the Cardinals without Pujols
The holidays R around the corner, time to shop for floors!!! Stop by today, opened 9-7PM!
Can I get a follow back please. Desparate for followers. :) ;)
Ethical exploitation of audience? Seems like a big hurdle to tackle. Not us manipulating them but them playing along with us.
pitch your article to the site email.
Tell no lie THAT'S THE THING I DON'T DO!
thanks for the RT fellow fan ;)
Still tired from that crazy weekend...
Thanks babe, it was glorious. And now I am wiped!
Thankful for for my "amazing~ness".. I have Never lost sight of WHO I AM!!
Haha I was there all night like at one point I was on the chairs outside and didn't know how I got there
I love to videotape then watch it.
If i had $1 for every Fun Fact you know... I'll probraly be a millionare ;D
im not positive, but im pretty sure im in a dance off!!!
20 Uncommon Lessons from My Weekend with Warren Buffett (career &amp; life advice most don’t talk about) | Live Your Legend...
what a scholar lol
RT : Saturdays : Training, wedding dress shopping, family #dinner and fun beverages!
RT : frightening how fast a quiet night can turn into a family's worse night mare with the click of a trigger in no time at all.
Just started twittering from phone. Testing. Testing.
Had a nice day with some of the FreedomLink Kids... Will switch to SMS soon... :)
If Y'all Niggahs Don't Like My Tweets, Click That Unfollow Button Instead Of Bitching Like The Bitches Y'all Bitch Ass Niggas Are! Bitches!
Valentine's Day gift ideas please. Feeling stressed about what to get my man.
I wanna make you feel wanted
Wish u were here! MRT : Tracking #CareerTL2012 for word of wisdom from the Career Thought Leaders conference in Baltimore
Yes. I use premium themes from Elegant Themes.
“: We all made the team!!!!! #MIOBI”<---yay! It had an amazing ending! Will miss so much!
whew I can't even...
Revival of Judaism on Iberian Pennisula defies logic but is an exciting reality - Rabbi Athias -Robles
Omg That's My Dream!(:
What's with people attacking my pursuit of happiness today?
#Moore, Spirit House. A different Christopher Moore serendipitously discovered writing earnest, not bad Thai ex-pat detective crime fiction
Let's go #Indiana beat
Guess you just know huh? Hahaha
RT : UGA says they're a go for #thatcamp SE this spring. [Excellent! Yet another reason to go hang out in Athens!]
Showtime back to back!!!!
oh Ard good looks buzzin his twitter don't pop .. Lol
Alright. Thanks!
Eh, i think 50 cent wack af. well anyways his recent music is shit ~.~ i like his old songs better .
I WILL FIGHT TILL forever. and i will neversaynever. and when you knock me down. i will not stay stay on the ground.
OMG i had the best DAY !!! Went on the Big Drop at the Fair #Yolo!
And go #Orioles! But you know that.
Make some more room in that purse for money by going digital on those flashcards.
Crazy day! Rescued the bulldog from falling in the pool, left iPhone on top of the car as Xavier drove around with it...LOL!
i know! I bet Asheville is in the streets!!
thanks for always rting me (:
Diving into alt format novels this week. Scrapbook of Frankie Pratt: lovely, lite, but too twee. Wished she'd cited the scraps.
Come celebrate the win !
I vote for reschedule.
no, it's a tattoo in white ink
Blade Runner may be more iconic and geek-cred-must, but I really believe Alien is a better movie.
Wishing everyone a Happy & Safe Memorial Day Weekend!
SOMETIMES U GOTTA PLAY THE GAME.
good meeting you and the crew too! Fun times!
Also, it should probably go without saying but go get 's Bloom. #30HzRecommended #bestof2012?
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Turkey has more protein than chicken or beef
"What's not to love?" By Jonathan Ames
#Rockies killer Freddie Freeman does it again with 3-run shot to right field off Nicasio.
I need to meet him. Pronto.
RT : we ll see you then Pork tongue tacos is what's in order for tues
I seriously hate getting ditched.
CAMS!!! Slap that ask and were off to da moon!!!
I just want
RT : "To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn Vos Savant
There's no greater fear in journalism than the fear of getting scooped on a story. Competition definitely helps with getting coverage.
LOL! There are different levels of freakish behavior, obviously
:: Two VT'd shows down and two to go. This may take longer than I expected but not bad after a two-day laryngitis layoff.
Kicked out of Central Park. The great lawn is tasty.
Mussle Monday. Think tall glass of wine and three options for mussels. Happy hour is getting happier.
Hey there, (Hoot_of_Loot), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
Really wants to get out and do something today.
If you become more concerned for the welfare of others, you will experience a sense of calm, inner strength and self-confidence.
Answer: Birds sing and the air smells sweet. Question: What happens after it rains?!!! I had forgotten :(
Nice pic, BTW! However ... I know those faces ... I smell trouble!
So I might be in Pittsburgh next weekend. You're not going to be there then, right? I have lame timing.
I'm obsessed with the Kardashian's. But mosty Khloé.
"A brand ideal of improving people's lives is the only sustainable way to recruit, unite and inspire all the people a business touches, fro…
hey how r u
PUERTO RICO :-)
u better follow back!
Nope! RT : Apple as a brand turns me off so much I'm willing to pay more just to have anything but their product. Am I alone?
Latest #followers - #client/#business prospective
STAR ALL OF THE POSTS
Dx Trying to sleep but my phone keeps going off because of updates. :c Doctors appointment in 3hours. Dx
RT God is in control
i want to know why you said that last night ? cause i believed it .
If anyone wants to buy an iMac let me know! I'm selling mine
no respect is what it is
SORRY but Elise does NOT belong in the bottom 3. No way. She's probably one of the most unique ones there. Glad Skylar made it though!
I asked my mom if she would cry if I get married, she said "No, I would cry if you get a job."
Thanks John! I really appreciate the kind words and your help spreading the stat.
I already have a job in northern indiana!!!!!!
on KOBE & tryna get the ball from ?? I CANT deal Ima bout 2 cry
Mine is engaging better. I need to take time to do it. RT : What is your biggest Twitter challenge?
One of the best things that can happen to us in life is to discover that the work we do each day connects to what we believe in. Live life!
Some People Change, Things Go Wrong, SHITT HAPPENS.. But Life Goes On.
#WomensHealth: Eat produce at every meal. Fewer than ⅓ of Americans get their recommended daily amount of fruits & veggies.
RT Michael Vick, a trending topic on Twitter. Time to forgive and welcome him back to NFL. We've treated child molesters and murder
And now sounds check with Unreal
I'm a leg-liftin' fool thanks to
If you love hidden #archives collections, you should be following - Going beyond hidden collections to hidden repositories they are
i knowww,its been forever D;
Had a great workout with Emily at fivex3. Can't wait to have my students workout with her :). Thanks Em!!!!
HI PRETTY, lolllz.
We actually went over this in nutrition, which I should be studying for.
I so want to take you up on that but turkey prep trumps Muppets! Ugh!
For deep cleaning, evaluate the nature and extent of soiling before deciding on the cleaning method.
“To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.” ― Emily Dickinson
nothing ma'am
Kester Edwards talks about breaking down barriers--race and ability--through at renaming of Montgomery Co. Aquatic Center.
fONDATIONS started there, eXPERIENCE brought me here... CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?.lol
Thanks for the retweet!
....good stuff
Me to:3
The only trend worth mentioning is #RnBThrowBacks. The rest are dumb lol
OK Bill, here goes, but reluctantly: Go Vikings
I hate stupid ass ppl
my legs would fall of after like 2 yards
Hanging with with the BFFs from ASCEND
Happy to meet new #health and #food #followers Wellness Portal aka
National Cheez Day! (December 1st) Every 1 has 2 do at least 5 things related to cheese! (punch buggy green! :P) LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
please lose the LIVE bug on your taped coverage. Djoker Monaco is over.
Love you too!!!!
oh okay well either way im not ready
when u ask whats up and they just say "nothin" and then dint ask how you are and the convo goes NOWHERE!!!!!!! >:[
oh now she like me, oh oh oh now they like me
You bet! We are so happy to be a member of GQuality. It's really given us a chance to listen to our customers, every day.
Terrible reality show idea: "America's Got Rabies." Also, Jersey Shore.
I just registered for the #GMAT and after which felt the sudden urge to run around the room flailing my arms in a panic
If you've got a good marriage why should you care who anyone else marries? Love first, always.
Awesome! Thanks. :)
followed,follow back?<3
Where's everybody gunna get shitfaced n taken advantage of tonight? :-)
So Mayweather's entourage: Bieber?! Really?!
#hitrunthrow deserves the hash tag
Sent in my request to join!
Stop using my God's name to shame and exclude my son! Just stop it! Carry out your hate and fears in your OWN name!
That's true. I suppose Facebook is only as good as your friends are.
Ah!! Why did Shane zombify??
is currently bribing your physician to recommend an increase in your daily consumption of
Yeah about 20 minutes ago, thanks. Gonna hide behind my desk for a while until Monday behaves.
Tonto will get one up on the Lone Ranger in Johnny Depp's version of: The Lone Ranger. If filming resumes.
I was just sad about something but then I forgot.... Oh well lol
wuuuut where at?! You biking?
My whole persona is kinda laid back like a reclina/ ever since a minor I been fuckin with marijuana
not LOUD just a lil talkative that's all lol
u burpin jus to get the attention of a big boned man (fat man) or the plural fat men i just went all intellectual on u lol
Congratulated a woman on her pregnancy only to find out she wasn't
re: Gold Rush...admire all of the miners for their tenacity! Especially Parker and his GrandPa
I'm fresh from my socks to my drawls!
Work, work, play!
Thanks CD Kirven for helping us make Gone! So close to our 1750 mark and YOU can help us achieve the dream!
I love Sammy Adams<3
wats up buddy we dont talk much :/
“ #Taurus won't beat around the bush, they will trample right through it.”
they did , recall flats and steve Martin sang hand job , I mean, banjo
so i hope to god that i have a good birthday tomorrow...cuz i have never had a good one.
Overall average CTR for #Facebook ads is 0.05% > > do you have any industry breakdowns?
OH and I got an AWESOME new NERF gun today. I am very excited about it! Who's ready to have a war?
Major Automobile TV commercial today
We riding we rolling
I want to be at Cracker Barrel!
It doesn't say! !
Lots going on
It's really hard to take a #nap with people doing karaoke at the pool, right outside my window. And, the Thong Song? Really?
thnks really appreciate
RT : "A goal properly set is halfway reached." zig ziglar
Met with NYPD Deputy Commissioner to discuss our drug free home mission and technology. Demos on gun powder detection too.
A friend told me not to talk about the job market on facebook. Well, what about twitter?
Man, when Oochie Wally came out, boy o' boy that song was the shit!!!!!!!!!! Ain't that right family???
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'I Am Ratchet'
You had to have filled up by the airport. Those stations are very deceptive. its $3.65 everywhere else.
Pls keep in touch as well. Hope you enjoy being on the #MWRC13 program committee!
*Antenna“ I put a digital antennas in the kids room, and of course the only channel it gets is...Univision! Yes!”
Almost 300 followers! :D
per WEEI, Will Middlebrooks' sister hit a HR at approx. the same time Will hit grand slam. She did so for UofTulsa Softball.
Why is he starting up talking to me again? Theres a month left of school.
Nutella is also good with everything
Not going; will be working away and did not request pass. Want to take some pics for us? :)
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says "l thought they only show cartoons." No sense of reality!
haha you want to fly them again?
god he knows I'm trying shake it off
You had me at lie.
Ah! I cant comment on 's NEW VIDEO because there's too manyy comments!! :o
my music video is coming along nicely
Starbucks before class :) yum!
To save future heartache, a PSA: Aloha no longer serves complimentary soup and salad.
On a scale of 1-5, how impractical would it be to go to Vegas to see the Beatles Cirque show? I'm thinking....completely practical.
We don't want the Angels leftovers!!!!!
you're right...we take it back!
DO IT BIG TONIGHT!
My brother Jim & his wife just had a baby boy, so I'm now a new & proud uncle. May God bless little Jack Ruefle.
never too old for hot pink!
No opposition to SB 1291 (Evans); There was support expressed from the California Labor Federation and SSPI Tom Torlakson. No qourum yet.
M&M BITCHES ARE INSANE. THEY MIGHT LOOK DIFFERENT BUT THEY TASTE THE SAME
Call me nephew
Presenting 21st Century Learning and Skills to the Joplin
Surprised at how much I am enjoying watching the NBA today.
I like running away from my job, feels like back in highschool ditching a class
So you think Bo Ryan was wrong to want an in-person discussion with Uthoff? Too many kids calling/texting their decisions
Jacketman09 WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WWW.VARSITYJACKETSPITTSBURGH.COM EARN 10$ CASH EACH PAID JACKET REFFERAL FOR YOUR GROUP 1Q
OMG so tired of all the test in school and Happy good friday everyone
Good Morning Educators! Do you create a list of rules for your students? Or do you let them create them with you?
Well, sorry, but UGH I wish my boyfriend would get off the video games.... So he can move over and I can play mine ;)
you're wrong
depends on what you want.
Maybe stress from the weekend, I imagine it could have been tough to deal with all of that. Inflammation from stress?
Like baseball? Want to win an iPad? Come root on the baseball team on Saturday at noon at WCTC Field.
Saw you guys are bringing 70+ to Dick's. Look forward to seeing everyone. love before and after, fighting for 90!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you think you're better than everyone else.
Being a foodie on Fridays in MKE during Lent is rough for me... The fish fry is not my thing.
#haloreach what do you think of Chris Hemsworth's thor.
Docs for this bank says they support "Bisynchronous (2780/3780), SNA (3770), Asynchronous (x-modem, z-modem, Kermit), and TCP/IP."
Our skin needs to breathe freely as it is a breathing, living organ that regularly moves thousands of skin cells each day.
500 million dollars can't even change the fact that your personality has been and always will be pure shit.
We're back from our Clinic's & Conventions this past weekend. Everything was stupendous!...our Jazz staff especially enjoyed the JEN Conf.
About ready to see what CP3 does today. I wish my boys could sit court-side @ one of his games and see how gritty he plays.
Love Naomi C's new vacay house!
sorry to hear you go. Certainly the best and most creative show on HBO in a long while. You will be missed.
Looking forward to it!
You didn't have to. You don't think his outspoken beliefs have something to do with the publicity he gets??
Good morning twitter followers! Hope everyone has a great day!
loved Contraband! Just seen it in Bangkok. Keep up the good work!
Swimming world champ Dale Oen dies in Arizona
Born and raised from Tunbridge Wells, Kent and work for Sporting KC in the front office. Love to hear about the opportunity
one of those lectures this morning that makes you wanna not touch anything and go home and take a bleach bath.
I've heard good things about expression engine (costs $). Padrino for sinatra/ruby looks interesting for a role your own
thats cool, get some sleep i'm in class anyways.
Thanks Everyone for coming to Winstons last night! We had fun! -BAC
RT : bad bitchess like me aree hard to go find ;]
Yay! RT : Defensive end Luis Castillo has re-signed with #Chargers, per his agent.
good luck in your next fight! Can't wait to see you in action!
Throw me a follow. Thanks. Dr. Spanish
seriously?! How does this happen?!? EVERY team LITERALLY every team I hate!
26 days till field season.
Those who find strength and courage to continue inspired action everyday after the initial inspirational moment(s) are those who succeed.
Thanks Steve! And thanks for not firing us from back in the day. I'm sure we deserved it somehow
I hate you guys! #amidoingitright ;-)
Lmbo, So when u talk to'em play dumb & act like u didnt see them call'n & continue on like nuffin ever happen'd
Happy Women's Day! We are so lucky at CWCC to be surrounded by strong & intelligent women.
you are fantastic! I love you
RT : Thanks for coming to #ReadySetConnect & sharing your...
customer received inquiry about home he posted and syndicated on within 6hr in CA. Fantastic HD Virtual Tour and neighborhood info
I got u ;) One of his rare sessions that made it on #vinyl!
If you enjoy spreading rumors just because, fuck you. Kill yourself.
Really like when a doctor rants about sunburn and pouring cement when theyre inside of my body
I'm eating taco bell for lunch because loves it and I miss him. Pathetic? or adorable. It's a fine line.
HA you know what i meant!
Spendin time with my Dad. Just watchn him trim the bushes.. I really cherish every moment... He is priceless...
its the sunny weather
Thanx ! Hope all is well.
Being alone isn't fun tired.....but hey I'd rather him tlk to me even a lill bit
Don't wife a hoe or cheat on a girl who's wifey type
Three days until the BEST.CONCERT.OF.THE.YEAR!!! Blessings will flow, anointing will come down! BE.THERE!!!!!
tonight is the season finale of WHO WILL BLAIR CHOOSE!?!? WHEN WILL SHOW HIS FACE!?!?
oh my im deformed.
How do you cultivate a social media community & not just gather an audience? ENGAGE!
Oh good, Now featured as the #earworm in my head: "Cecelia".
Coach sacked after punching sarcastic player
So cool the #1940census asked where they were living April 1, 1935!
is one of the best guys and musicians I have ever had the honor to work with. Keep it up E!
it's in cannon...
home at last^^ wad a fun boring cool day. Lol
PLEASE BE MINE, what i go to school for, 6 minutes, mandy,time for me to fly, underdog.
I know! Me too! :( We have to have a night out soon! All we do is work.
Would rather see USC if u beat them u have a better chance at recruiting talent in So Cal
Making moves like a dancer
I thought u were gonna watch bball? #whatupwiththat?! ;)
Your main bitch is my new hoe.
it'll only take less than nine , to say you'll be mine, and then be my valentine , <3
lmaoo i went everyday out this week missing one day aint gonna make me dumb they do the same shit everyday anyway lol
Sousieee, you offended? :-*.
Flew in to Seattle today for a little vaca then off to Ohio in March for the Arnold Classic!
Absolutely. Love it. Anyone else on Goodreads?
It is a sad, sad day to be a Baltimore Ravens fan... dreary weather and the start of second semester classes don't make it any better :(
Working on my music bio right now.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing. - Anaias Nin
This week has been challenging already! I'm devastated at the loss of both #Smokin'JoeFrazier & Heavy D
lol okay. We're going to sleep soon but like i wanna stay up :O
And she be playing hard to get like she be rocket science
Instagram made everyone a photographer.
Wishing all a Merry Christmas and wonderful Holiday! Time to see the fam!
“: "A decision today changes tomorrow forever." - John Di Lemme”
Listening to Mayday Parade all night <3
Participate: some SES groups know how; others don't - esp secondary level.
These PREDATORS @ NAMBLA need 2 be STOPED!! THESE ARE BOYS!! AS IN THE WORD CHILDREN!!
When you thank people for even the smallest gesture, it says so much about your character.
Stay away from Mexico. RT: : BREAKING: Mexican officials report dozens of bodies dumped on highway near Monterrey. -EF
Lucas said goal was playing on Saturday. Not if you embarrass yourself like bo has for the last 4 yrs.
That just means no 3 and outs - no need to punt, just touchdowns all the way!
This officiating is rediculously inconsistent
My mom is trying to file an insurance claim on my phone, I really hope she doesnt try and get me an android phone we will have problems.
Can I ask you a question?
No doubt!
I want you to win because you are the
watching Joyful Noise with my madre
Q4 We have an arboretum on our grounds, a lot of our FB pictures are of trees, plants, and flowers, tree peonies are blooming!
As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. - Julius Caesar
Sometimes.. I have a PT job and I freelance as a Gr. Designer.
REMINDER - due to our special presentation last week, we will continue Lect 8 in class 03/27
u got this broncos!!!
Love when people dont text me back!
If Flyers PLAYOFFS, Phillies & Sixers games are event half as good as EPL this afternoon, it should be a great night.
just ordering 30 dollars worth of food at McDonalds at midnight...no big deal
I don't know how to work this contraption..
Hard to convey how amazing seeing the grandeur of AK makes you feel. Most ppl have to frame of reference for it
Front row waiting for Molly Shannon to speak! I don't get up this early for just anyone! SO EXCITED!
But i don't want to live that way, giving in to every word you said.
Can I consult with you for a few minutes about recording conf sessions? Please DM me a contact path...
A lil more appreciation?
Gathering flight information to see my parents on their 50th Anniversary.
Inspired by Ignite Baltimore.
Who has seen the adult onesy called The Forever Lazy? #RIP any sense of style! The guys wearing it to tailgate.
Happy Holidays! Best wishes to all of you! :)
Planning June - Health Tech month - right now. Would you still be interested in hosting an #HAchat on tech ? :) :)
i hope i cross your mind once in a while just so that i wont feel pathetic for thinking of you all the time
You want respect, you really do? Follow me and you will have all the respect you can get from me.
... But they are lathering themselves with sugar for the maggots. They have the nerve to ask for a discount with one breath...
Hopefully Taylor Farr won!
Good morning! What are your plans for today? We're getting organized for #superbowl week here in Indy & listening to the Beatles.
why did Olivo slide?!!
You know those days when you're too lazy to put on pants.
We love making new friends :)
I'm great. Gonna just relax today and put some food on the grill later.
seems to be on the no rest for the wicked plan
now Real Estate Tiny Desk Concert
not worse den da hot 30 piece put on yall in inter-murals....
that's sad so sorry Helen.
I need my daily dose of Brooke the BAMF.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets.
And it is so! High life and some lake front beer!! For our #mondayfunday sausage!
it's like the butterfly effect.
i just ate a light breakfast
Feeling a little vocab challenged this am. Just learned I've been saying a word wrong my whole life.
& he got that get right , & showed me that act right (; #feelin'him
you know what happens when you wear happypants? You do a happydance! :)
my brother used to work there!
#social46 QT : Anyone know what's going into old Crawford's space on Capitol? Hope they don't mess up the building..
Another 3 for #Mizzou. This is not looking good for the Jayhawks. If this beomes a 3point contest, Mizzou will win big.
Airport! Good bye Caracas..
When are you opening in Chicago? I want to work for you!
Fartsmell trying to buy a call
The parfait is a side. Idk why you were told it isn't. I'll follow up w/ owner. I'm sorry. Plz DM me so I can get more info.
Prayer changes things
aye dicks! I don't look like that asswholes lol
Thanks for the follow Shayna! ( :
Do you have a Data Center question you need answered? Call us 913-859-0177
ONE FREE DRINK & ONE FREE APPETIZER PER GUEST!
Yeah.. I hate YouTube! Lol.
BEKAH, WHERE IS MY LETTER?
Where are you going? I just started acupuncture last month and I am loving it so far :)
follow me plzzzzzz
Hey #SPC volunteers! We're having a picnic to celebrate all you do for our church. 4/23, 1-3pm @ Walnut St. Park in Cary. Bring #yardgames!
Damn i got 300 followers in 2 dayz. thanks for the support
Even for Quagmire that's a bit much! RT : i can't deal with Quagmire hitting on Meg....
just finishing up a wig for Lady Middleton for an upcoming prod of
Tweet me questions, & I'll answer them truthfully?(: DO IT <3
it definitely looked/sounded original - and compelling
Driving test tomorrow.. Gotta practice everything I need to know!
voted for u and this week.(:its gettig harder to choose between u four cause ur all so amazzing
Thank you hater. Lol.
Scanning and databasing the Liberace Foundation's photo archive - 1200 photos in and I'm still in the 1950s!
Jaleel shouldn't be going. Damn dance duels.
No matter how much u give a person your all they seem just to step on your heart even more smh
A wise friend just told me: When you're walking through hell, just remember to keep on walking.
checking out the Multnomah County LIbrary feed
My 2 favorite teams in baseball, the #Cubs and whoever is playing the
there's no time in Waikiki
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary. - Vince Lombardi
Be sure you get your copy of "Heaven" today on Itunes or CD Baby!
Great opportunities are always around you ask GOD to clear your vision that you may see what HE has set up just for you today!
"My dick can't breathe...now she gonna give me CPR"
"Haters Be My Motivators!!"
Cosigned by another Iowa owner who knows how Daniels can play RT Ownership would like to welcome Mine Daniels to Green Bay.
hey justin, I hope U & UR family had a Merry Christmas, Happy & Safe New Year's 2 Ya!!! We'll C U in Lexington 1/21
No sugar coating new listings. Give the clients the straight answers when Marketing Real Estate for them. Expert Advise Always!!!
ya we should have you told Kayla yet?
"the usual for you mr. quagmire? a margarita and a rufee-colata?"
The have signed Burt Reynolds. He is Robinson Cano's cousin. We hope he has a righteous mustache.
M... that brings back fond memories.
well are parents and are going on a trip to #Vegas and wanted to use the 70% off. Been trying all day
Increase regulation on the big banks? Ya think?
lol at all the ku people following #MIZDGB all day
Uh. Yeah. I'm gonna eat dinner then I'll be on thy way.
Lets make a Declaration that the Generational Curses in our life Shall Be Broken off in Jesus name.
I have no job, haha no future to worry about at this point
Mad Men! Great way to spend vacation.
Was it black-and-white or one of them newfangled color TV's?
that made my mouth water.
Ohio schools are 3 for 3 in the tourney so far. Xavier will try to make it a perfect 4 if they beat ND tonite.
I have enough native american blood I really should not file for taxes
<----Audio Junkie.
sounds good! Hope you managed to sneak a run in today. I got mine in just before the storm let loose.
smh your missing out
Tweet your tee for a free download code from our new album
I tweet the same thing every friday, but so true. TGIF!! Hope everyone has a great weekend too:)
I think when tragedy strikes people are more likely to acknowledge there is a God. Prayer should be allowed always!
ShaxinLove was a pretty good movie, but I did find myself explaining to students the difference between historical fiction+
DM me with your email. Have more on the shooting.
yay! Thanks for mentioning me in your post! :)
Also saw the best friend of one of my best friends at Akron tonight and got a text from the other a few days ago
Wow never seen $ Mayweather get hit like this ... I like it! I ain't ever root for a puerto rican in my life but I am tonight!
-got Heart Attack on repeat! I <3 his words & voice!
We'd love any and all RTs on that info about our next Flatstock, #ff love too! Thank you!
Me: mom my internet security is almost done i need you to redo it My mom: you got $70? Me: no Mom: then your screwed wow thanks
Awesome news!!!!!
Don't ever worry about ur future love. U r beautiful & mr right will show up when u least expect it.
And thanks for responding to the last couple of questions I've asked!
hahah seben. Well, your show was great last night. :)
International book club for reading coffee in Japan!
2 great pairs so far!
hi! Is it 9 where you live yet?? *Bretana*
Instead, the 50 state attorneys general ask Congress to clarify TCPA requires cos to get written consent before they robocall consumers
HOW'S THE NEW YEAR SO FAR I HEAR IT'S POTENTIALLY BORING
Bee too long since I stepped inside The #Meathook should I get the country Pate or just some bread and jerky? -JW
#retweet ~> : My outstanding talent of cursing really shines through during Traffic.
"You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden." ~ Matthew 5:14 Be encouraged to be that light, somehow, today :)
lol yeah u like it cold
where is the open studios thang..are you downtown?? I am out of the LOOPs!
In which direction? I feel like my ass is pretty sore from the fence-sitting...
I want to learn how to order like a PRO at Starbucks... "Tall skinny triple mocha hazelnut skim latte whip" (But what the hell did I order?)
Good morning good people!!!
Just booked flights to Tulsa for a spring wedding with Who knew it was so expensive to fly to Tulsa?
Tip - Use the google trend tool to find hot topics, then build FB pages around it & market products to them - Easy income
#Budget comte votes to approves cuts to funding for #Ed/ #Health/#Nutrition while increasing #defense spending.
i have no purpose
not looking forward to working a double tomorrow. /=
is a bad influence.
discount codes are now available for the July's book "Building Web Reputation Systems" email or DM for details.
#Imagine Austin getting to meet all of his Mahomies!
lol damn i thought u forgot! Bet back but u got Indiana!
Please follow NOW ...SHE'S A MASSIVE MAHOMIE, you won't regret it ! <<<<<<<
Good night beauties.
Finals are over, and Fringe awaits. Time to catch up on some much needed TV!
aye, homie I just dropped the WAY 2 SERIOUS mixtape. Ima shoot you the zip when I get by a computer so you can check it out
Welcome to UW ! Awesome!
Dang. I thought I was pretty fast! Oh well. Maybe next week. Sigh.
Don't assume shit, when you can just ask.
When Easter & Sports collide, the 'Easter Epic', '87 4OT playoff game b/t the #Islanders & #Capitals. Pat LaFontaine w/ the winner.
Funny thing is i wentto voice lessons, ended up getting help with biology, and he did a better job at teaching it, yet he's a voice techer..
Feeling like I need to be back on twitter!
man u too much! I needed that hahah having a rough day!
Thanks for the RT, Aurelia. It got a little #hairy for the #RedSox last night in the 9th.
“: Def meant to send that as a DM. but YOU ARE A PUNK.... doesnt change my opinion. lmao!” lmao you def the punk
And it works no matter how you spell it: independence RT : Independents.
having your own app, on the other hand... “: Neither is Paying sales tax, Quickbooks, insurance, invoicing, etc.”
In a data 2.0 world we can now leverage multiple data points in tandem to help inform decisions around content and advertising.
sounds like AWESOME British Library moment to me.
A2 I prefer to get my drank on at a solid local bar before hitting the clubs. Personal faves, or
My first presidential library visit! in Little Rock.
Getting ready to take wife to airport this morning, much too early to be up and moving!!!!! Coffee
not even..I texted you back the other day
hahaha you're welcome ;)
Banner: Tomorrow the dream comes true. God bless America.
#justpainted my nails and probly not going to school tomorrow!
R.I.P. Alex Anderson, co-creator of Rocky and Bullwinkile. You are remembered.
Hey how are you?
Some guy asked me today whats so good about drake + I was like bitch plssssss, coleworld
southeast part :) like an hour and a half south of st.louis! :)
ugh. that's last for me too. Scrubs on netflix is just too enticing for me to stand up and do it.
Team fuckin Bulls!!!
Never thought id have 716 followers :) thanks guys !
RT : No motivation, give me some.
one out of three ain't bad.
Fuck blackberry and iphone and smart phone. Its all about frog wireless lol
omg yes! n his cute little smile at the end<3 :)
I've actually never seen Titanic. But I think I'll check it out in 3D!
hey man thanks for following! :)
"I got a firm understanding on the minus and plus..."
I highly recommend it. “: Should I buy P90X?”
38 Studios can't pay employees, has $15 million in upcoming debt payments, has $0 private capital, and announced a release date for its MMO.
BBQ pulled pork sandwich with caramelized onions, BBQ sauce, cheddar cheese on home made ciabatta bread! North ave only!
Taking a break for some knitting and watching youtube...a perfect moment :) ::sighs contently::
Thanks! You too. The holidays never seemed sweeter :D
It Was Cool, Didn't Do Much.. Haven't Did Anything All Day.
Marcus Johansson nets two in the Capitals 4-2 win in Montreal.
happy birthday Lucy!
Monday madness ......... Cleaning....errands....work....then precious quality time with the fam.....
i swear i wont watch your leaked sex tape with
RT : #superbowl was amazing. Exciting final moments, as always!!! ;))) We wish it was always so good!
Last day of 2011! Where are you ringing in the New Year?
Pulling for
I miss my car.
Does this explain bars named Blue Shamrock?
RT : I have one particular talent which is knowing One Direction more than I know myself.
Facebook keeps changing, updating..yet they can't add a simple "dislike" button.”
#np Morgan Page - In The Air - Episode 98
how did it go? Good job on getting 5 miles in. do you listen to music while you run?
My mom is the JDHS Teacher of the Year! Go Mama!
#LastTimeIChecked When you get into a relationship, you're saying "I'M DONE MESSING WITH EVERYBODY BUT YOU
RT : Are you up for the LIGHTSWITCH® Lager Challenge? Stop by to get a sample of our LIGHTSWITCH® Lager with your order of...
I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH I WHIP MY HAIR BACK AND FORTH :D
Quote of the night: "hey you have crepe on your shoulder" cc
Damn I just woke up time for studio
Fox News is reporting that Brad and Angelina are engaged. So... that means they're really NOT, right?
The URL shortener issue has been resolved. ALL previously sent links will still work. There is no need to resend your registration emails.
That's awesome!!! :) Did get your note on DM, btw. Will visit link a bit later today for sure & leave some positive feedback. ;)
Ahh, whenever I watch shows like that I get extremely hungry. Lol.
Chick-fil-a (;
yeah but I feel like sometimes words aren't enough to describe how I'm feeling, so its hard.
I saw... I would be in real trouble if I weren't a crafty librarian who has access to other sources :) But it wont be the same
The days are too long, and the evenings/nights are too short....
Why cant I sleep? This is ridiculous
Howdy back! RT Howdy to you all from Harford County. Enjoy the SLRC Tour. Ask Questions. Meet People from other libraries!
Tanqueray & tonic yeah...
wax everywhere?! What the hell happened? I remember being offered a Grammy? May come in for a diet coke on my non way to work...
Please let me know if you guys are available and contact information. Thanks!
it was really nice seeing some familiar faces at the Field of Dreams event tonight
Thanks for the #FF Paul! :)
no i can too!
first few pictures are finally up. www.everywebbs.com loads slowly because it's had some issues, but I finally got them up!
RT : Greco: its not nonprofits themselves that are inefficient, but the rules in which they are forced to operate. Huzzah!...
Noone has ever succeeded in April fooling until today. He's probably gonna break up with me but it was SO GOOD.
The prettiest dresses are worn to be taken off
RT : Any1 in ATL ever been hit by a car bike riding or driving & hit a biker? Should we share the Rd?
FACT: the new iPhone will contain a REAL human eye.
#5. no. i never will
may have the best man cave I have ever seen. Six TV's? Well played sir.
hooray for un-requested paper extension! My Wednesday night was just un-ruined!
oh haha sorry
read that article, too, it's a good'en
Heading home from post-rowing XYZ outing, listening to Skinny Puppy on WJCU.
Frozen four on makes me realize how badly I miss the on espn #garythorne cc:
Everybody follow my girl ! She's so awesome and follows back 100%! Follow Now & u get a solo shoutout! <3
Some people think isn't funny but I find him halrious !!!😝😝😝
Wen I wake up in the morning I always thank my heavenly Father > Jesus :-)
keep your chin up!
Alright, come see some musical improv already. I'm performing with Petting Zoo at The Studio at 8:45PM with special guest, Swartzlander
I dont need me a basketball player all i need is somebody thats down for me .
This kid beside me is weird..
Thanks for the mention!
What's wrong ? Stressed out with your finals ?
I love you for this
Booth is setup. Ready to find my friends.
I miss so much ppl right now. Can't wait till summer I'll have time for all y'all no worries :))
I am currently busy being at school. Learning to make flow charts in Engineering.
WAAAambulance. why are wrap dresses always the most expensive in designer's lines??
Cleveland's own super bowl: Case vs Reserve annually on Thanksgiving day, 1894 to 1953.
I had a fantastic time! Hope the dentist was ok.
the best thing about august is football season
No way!!!! Cool-Aid is way better!!
Hmm, yeah. The man has probably not made an original film in a long time but most directors don't write their own material.
Some of what we do is not good for kids.
Layin down a track with this kid tears it up
Welcome to #twitter !
If for nothing else, I can be happy about giving blood today. That is really all I got...
Renamed wifey's digital recorder Kathy on my Mac. So when I'm done it tells me to eject Kathy. Tee hee.
Weezy Video Takeover
I did too!! Arg
I Like Those Direct Tv Commercials "Dont Sell Your Hair To A Wig Shop"
Alright - show me what you got!
Its funny that the moment I read that, I thought "Yeah, that's Annie alright." Haha! Small world.
Shout Out To You.
Almost have 3,00 followers!!! Thank you guys! If you havent gone and LIKE'd our facebook, please do! Love You!
Sorry to hear about your aunt. How are you doing?
"I wish I was a hot chick" - Rube Sheeber
Hows everyone today?
Nothing moves but the money.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being demanded like no ask me do not demand me
Everyone keeps tellin me I'm a freak!!!
Long ass day!!! Ready to go home & sleep!
dang im tired
5 women just lost their minds when Michael Ealy came on the screen with no shirt on. Making sounds and errthang. Even
A chicken is an egg's way of making another egg. ~ Samuel Butler
It's time to go live!!
Just seen jesse Jackson at work and of course, I pointed at him n called him out....best believe he acknowledged me. Lol.
Waiting to go into Rialto. To many fucking people.
Thats full time at the Stadium of Lights. Man United 1 - nil
forreal what would you do if austin mahone came up to you and was like.. you're beautiful <3
Wrote another new song in class today...this is a habit now oh jeez.
Been busy all day.. Now I'm relaxing & having a good night!! Faded out my brain, kickin it with NC natives lol holla at me yo
when? I want to make sure my hair is done ;)
I don't think Gene would have had his foot in his mouth the way Bobby V. has.
niggas be payin child support like some dummies... nigga u rich just dip out the country
I miss so much! Soo lonely without you!
Florida, maybe broken foot, dope gold chain, infinite jest, drank.
Crest whitening strips in ma mouffff
Best 8 week stretch of sports annually: NFL FA, March Madness, MLB Opening Day, The Masters, NFL Draft, NHL/NBA playoffs.
lmao "cum", I thought you were gonna come here?!
One thing I don't want to hear on a flight: the attendant referring to the plane as an "older plane."
Booboo, let's just go ahead and fuck?
Looks like the event on Tuesday is filling up! Best wishes for a fun (fruitful, lively, fabulous) night in the Bullitt!
Stupid Movie....wasted time of my life... wouldnt you agree???
hey sean your right! english teacher swag right there
these days it comes, comes, comes, and goes.
ohh shit or send it thru here , tweet it
My election is today. Can you give a guy some help and remind Austinites to vote for Kris Bailey! Thanks man!
Just finished day 2 of "Plyocide". Holy hell I have literally never worked that hard in my entire life. Already hurting
Avengers was a badass movie!!
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today??! Tweet at me.
Cold nights are perfect for stop motion making!
gotta pick up the D
Best argument I've heard for being Ntl POY: he leads #1 team in country in points, stls, blocks, FG%, rebounds!!
I love today
'Land of 10,000 idiots on Minnesota roads' will be my next headline
The more people you follow, the more who will follow you. I recommend posting your twitter address in some LinkedIn groups.
I have a very particular set of skills
Oh, many many and many more!
iam just goin to enjoy my day with out bull shit!
First place in May.
Leaving Colorado, then back home to LA, then Vegas, then NYC! All within 2 weeks. Just call me US traveler.
Don't make me come over there RT I suddenly have Beiber fever..
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town. Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
Aw ok ..glad u like the pic
: as it turns out... I likey the beer
Stop coming out the house half naked -___-'
Lookin' good Bryan! Look forward to checking it out.
Dont give a F who the #Knicks play
At the opening of the play Mountaintop starring Angela Bassett and Sam Jackson. Sure to be a treat. The place is packed and diverse.
Prospects Harvey, Satin lead Bisons to win
Stale bread for breakfast and steak for dinner. Lovin' life.
Watching the #Bengals take on the #Texans been a solid first half so far
Was Nate Schierholtz asleep at the plate? That was right down the middle. But in general 2-for-16 with RISP.
Yes, mine is calendar updates. I have to shutdown before bed or it wakes us
For high school?
GO BRUINS!
how bout you go to sleep? (coughs *liar!) ltm., im just kidding, ily.")
Room service now available at the RI/SHS River North! Check out Zoom Service from !! www.hub51chicago.com/
This stupid bitch sat next to me to see what I'm doing on my phone. -.-" still using twitter though ahahaha
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative reply to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
We are in search of a model or models for our new line of video & photo advertising ... any suggestions or to apply shoot us an email.
hit up the batting cage Nyjer, Gomez is putting together better at bats than you!
It is not a bad idea to get in the habit of writing down one's thoughts. It saves one having to bother anyone else with them.
4 off rebounds for Pierce Hornung in 8 min. 6 total rebounds. Dude is killing #MurrayState on the boards.
These antibiotics are kicking my ass! #Drowzy&Dizzy
nope you couldn't ever be either....
Truly ♥'ing some1 means freely letting them go, even tho it hurts you, because it makes the one you ♥ happy. Why deprive them of happiness?
. is the first single going to be Forced Gender Reassignment? i feel like that would be a strong first single for this album.
she's such a stupid hoe:(
you better not be at taco bell lmfao bc we will drive to you
.why didn't u come then.
FInal grades entered. Reading books on Habermas and vibrant matter under the Christmas lights. Yep, Nerd Holidays have officially begun.
My man is jumping soon. Be safe out there babe! I love you :)
I'm sorry you're not sick...see you whenever lol :P~
At BD watching my brother's wresting tournament.
hah, well looks like i need to learn how to write a LoadFunc capable of communicating a trace to frontend!
It has made for the longest Jambaroo ever, but he is fantastic. Miss him at Deadspin.
hey whats up
Coming soon to an internet near you. "Blind Slavery: What You Don't Know Will Keep You in Chains". Your host: ME!!!!!
Thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow night at the launch event!
Remember all those times I swore I needed you? Well, consider them lies. Here I am without you & .. I survived.
Gaaaaahh.....really? Out of al thr people I could like....I'm falling for you?! Didn't expect that one...
SOMETHING'S WEIRD
U suck miz
Permanent Makeup Special! 100 off all procedures during the month of April. Call us for an appointment now. Evenings and weekend appts
He makes all things new. He can refresh and reposition anything that's out of alignment. We must first learn to give it to Him and trust!
Sorry, I'm busy walking my fish.
Allow me a moment 2 congratulate MYSELF! I give my people in da hood HOPE! 2nd time I've been featured in a magazine!!!
that doesn't sound too good.
That new Camry commercial is the dumbest thing I've ever seen, who wants to get proposed to in a car?
Queue <- weird word.
Hallucinogens...I need help new to LA/
no more complaining about my phone. Finally got a new one
ok, not so secretly anymore.
Abs fuckin hurt
Need to know where you vote? Go to SBE.Virginia.gov or call (800) 322-1144.
just looked at the #packers schedule for the first time ...but to be honest they should go at least 14-2, another boring season
(jen) My phone's been syncing for the last two hours & I have a conference call in twenty minutes. This does not look good.
where are you :(?
Tighten up nikka!!!
Twatting from my new IPod Touch 4. Next time I'll do it from my iPad 2. That's right bitches, you can be jealous
Love it. Love it. But would need #brightspots and actionable items, AND
we need to hip to scores and the steaks we be getting lol
Thanks for the tweet for coming to the session. Loved the ideas and the energy in that room!
Another early morning.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER ASS !!
Stone answered. Ask and you will drink a brew in the fall.
Then you need to come out tonight!!!LOL
true true
Thanks for the follow. Great to see your new facility & enjoy some very tasty wines during Okanagan fall wine festival. Cheers!
y'all niggas think you stunt
and Terry Taylor was a great wrestler before Red Rooster gimmick. Sometimes the bad ones stick with the fans.
Did you know that the word "Robot" was coined by Josef Čapek in the 1910s and means serf labor in Czech (referring to drudgery or hard work)
you can use twitter karma to keep followers and delete unfollowers and grow your reach and quota ;)
#Tulip is pretty great. I just remember the remarkable martinis thanks to Have Fun:)
omg Have fun! And thank you so much (: It's always really nice when people do that and mean it. Some fans go unnoticed (c)
he must not like you. lol
Did you volunteer this past weekend? Tell us about it!
Sick still in bed watching Pink Panther
today's favorite website is www.hulu.com to watch bob's burgers. that is all. #bob'sburgers
Screw waiting for WoW beta. I have the new Naruto game as an early birthday present from my parents. BYE.
Show me what you got
From where you are sitting, you are the centre of the Universe
Hey sexi what's up? ;)
hey girl havent gotten a tweet lately hope you come to Maryland soon!!!!
I have to head to Erics. What you doing Saturday Night? After 5?
define "interactive & high tech"
I'm in AdMo
In Chicago Awesome Lady event news, anyone going to Swap-O-Rama-Rama and/or Gold & The Beautiful this weekend?
Few in China use Google; but smoking gun is probably held by Great Firewall, and the gun was pointing at some big USA data sets. WTF?
I can't wait to see on thursday!
what was that guys twitter from the magic castle?
first off, in this case the price required the gratuity because of party size. They shouldn't have sat and eaten knowing the policy
lol you demand too much
#NOWFOLLOWING Girls if you want advice on boys you should follow. & boys if you wanna read true tweets also follow.
NFL draft winners/losers: Redskins qualify as both after taking Robert Griffin I, Kirk Cousins
Mega Buzz: Another Castle Cliff-Hanger, Fringe&#39;s Finale and a Prentiss Return?
I knew that you were a vaginaface!
Thanks for sharing our infographic, glad you liked it!
RT : is GIVING away a Porsche? Follow them or for deets! You DON'T have to be local to KY.
#top100femaleLies "your the father"
#SportingKC #wecantbestopped 1 Game at a time but man this is a really good team we have! Today the Defense was Incredible!
I hate you all
I'll try it
Where can I get the #Kinvara3 in DC areas tomorrow? Dying to get my hands, er, feet on them.
Just returned from #LT12UK and had a great time! Zenler's booth was hopping and all the work the guys have done is paying off!!!
oh so that was all your idea!! I missed my"I heart my poodle" But I believe you owe me the ones you got me(:
MLS pre-season in high gear and the Charleston Cup Challenge and NCAA Spring seasons are just a few weeks away!!! Nirvana for a scout!
really has the BEST BBQ in Central Texas! just fantastic!
I just ordered a Large Pizza and 20 Medium Wings. If you were getting 20 wings, what sauce would you order?
RT Imagine how differently an injury like Rivera's would be covered if it had happened to a Mets player.
Responded to FIRE @ 4349 Route 43, East Greenbush, NY 12144. Red Cross auto update.
its my grandmas birthday. happy birthday grandma! <3
Still looking for roommates!
Dignity Health () has signed an asset purchase agreement w/ for the sale of St. Mary's Regional.
An cold, poorly thought and uninspired page. Funny how websites imitate life sometimes, isn't it?
Hulu Plus ennui...
ask for my wine at Phillipe Chow! Castronovo!!!!!
That woulda been fun! But we're just smiling, answering many questions, welcoming people, and eating free food.
Love the new Nat Geo Explorers Site! Check it out. Joshua Howard, Photojournalist, Filmmaker -- National Geographic: via
Come on ladies! All new class fitness and dance studio Jersey City! RSVP for Open House this Saturday Sept 17th! Superimpactfitness.com
sounds good, appreciate the heads up.
I won the #MegaMillions lottery! My wife is the prize. And my daughters. And CGST.
Lord you are my source and strength!I love you and thank you!Be my focus in the tough times like now as i am sick!Let my praise be 4 u only!
yes, totally! I didn't notice till someone replied to me earlier!
Somebody just referred to a hit as "giving him some chin music." --> Hockey, beer, and the ghost of Raymond Chandler.
Bought myself a guitar strap
Los Angeles #MTA votes for good local jobs with
I hadn't heard of that! It's similar, but not the same mark. It's also called the percontation point.
I am off, but I am still half dead and on top of that i have to go to a surprise birthday party for my bro at 4pm
Its fine i'll just have to find other brits to twitter stalk................RIP 1d obsession
Turn St Lucie blue please!
Well THEY should fix it
That looked like the OLD King Cole
If you haven't had lunch yet come grab a Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub and let me know what you think about it! I'm a fan.
Retweet this for a chance to win a $25 gift card to or
Welcome to Twitter! You soon will be obsessed too!
lol I think I can handle it but yeah when it's REALLY summer I'll be in the pools everyday!
Squats, lunges, deadlifts, pullovers, pullups, bench press, floorsweepers, run, now I'm done.
I'm going to be severely disappointed if the #Twolves don't have a Rubio Slipper giveaway night. Go #Cavs!
Your birthday is coming up bestie
I warned you about the blackberry...
Happy Birthday Dog!!
He read slow just like Harry would have.. lmao
April 20th needs to come faster! I can't wait to run the streets of Chicago, and le tthe world know about Kony!
thanks, teen!
thank you so much for coming out to support NYC today!
i see ur tweeting ALL ur fanz thats good u keep in contact with them follow me:)
Do you have a Facebook? I'll add you there
RT : Check out this fascinating video of British beatniks c. 1960 talking about getting kicked out of a seaside town:...
The DFW Career Expert is back in full swing, thanks for understanding while I was away... Feel free to contact me if you need advice.
Bitch your under the influence if you're not high. I'm above it cause I'm on CLOUD 9 .
If everyone treated walking like driving a car, and just kept right. We'd have fewer of those awkward "dancing" moments.
sucks to suck ): lol we woulda had fun being faded
Het Brantley, how the heck is Bruce supposed to hit with runners on when Phillips is batting in front of him?
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin♥ 1
I love abc family shows , its real teenager shit
prob is "you belong @ your lib" seems to physical-lib centered. I want to stress online access/ref.
An "And but so" popped out of my mouth today and I had to then face my own problems overusing such. I am powerless in its face.
Welp, last time I try to give you advice
Are you ready for some football?
“: Rylee Get So Hyped When She Hear My Voice .” When She Hear Mines Too lol
thanks. You are awesome!!!
Tobias Fünke would like to talk to you about that . . .
Can a dude dress up as a chick and enter the Miss America pageant?
just finished "bringing up Bébé" amazing. This is exactly the book I need in my life right now. Thank you!
what friends?
We definately will if we do. Hope to see you out!
#MyBiggestFlaw a lack of a sufficient amount of sleep
Hi Kat. Please follow me so that I can dm you :)
These niggas on the bus said Erwin looks like Chief Keef! Hahaha
yay! I hope you can make it to !
Nice little cold front moving thru Texas I like......
“: Long range.....it looking very mild next week...40s and 50s possible.". Thank you Patrick! Crazy
Peaceful Journey Heavs...
thanks for the the o-dark-thirty shoutout!
at least your not leaving forever!
Just when the heat thinks it has the best of us ... the POWER GOES OUT in the entire county. -_- This is not. Happening.
Dear : I LOVE the new apps for & RSS. But, they don't seem to show up on the iPhone app? Please help... Thx!
Delena^^^^^^^ I love tvd <3 I've always been a Delena fan yup that's was up ^^^
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
Kimchi goes with hummus, right? You're a lucky lady, Betsey.
I'll be there too. It's my second year and this time I know what to expect. :)
Um sure, I'll take it!
Lies. Never such a thing. RT Too much. Too much vagina.
"If you are going to be innovative, you have to participate" Great breakfast session with Adobe
In the 1928 men's single sculls, the Australian champion was unexpectedly delayed by a family of ducks. After pausing to let them pass...
Thank you Kate Volpe and Christina Myers.
Thanks for the retweet. Sad that the Gophers aren't in the dance. I hope to see you when I'm back in Columbia April 25-26
Damn you're sexy mama thanx for tha follow
So glad honors young women Devon Barnhart, Tessie Abraham, Elizabeth Kelsey Nevitt,& Jaclyn Zimmerman w/ 2012 Staffer of Year Award
I have had that exact same thought. If you find one, let me know.
thing has to be a pain to lug around.
no. I'm not happy with american idol right now. :(
lol yea I know. Okay:) I'll text you :D
I can build you pr10, 9's and less links to your site hugh help, but the question is how old is your site (yrs)
Way too early for me to go. I can't make it before 6:30 PM.
Did you know EVERY dress on the racks this year are BRAND NEW from David's Prom/David's Bridal?! We are so grateful!
Came to work to find decorations everywhere & all the items on my desk wrapped. Thanks for my amazing bday gift! I love !
Public Service Announcement: The Good friend is dropping #FullyintheTux this November. RT and pass it on!
Heading to the mall to shop for some new Vegas, bachelorette, and wedding party dresses! Then heading home to bake the night away...
I just said that we should have it in the US to the account!
I survived the abortion. What have you done today?
Intensive 1st week was great!
wtf is going on on #generalhospital lmfao I'm so sick of this #Jasam shit. Just break em up already, fuck.
Have a blessed and safe Easter with your family and friends today.
Sad to finish working on the choral festival concert album. What a great performance!
The bad news of this semester is being followed up by the good news of $$$! lalalalalalalallalalalalalalalalaladjkldsfjdlzsejadfhl;
No problem! we are trying to step up our twitter efforts - the letter limit is HARD!
Cover tonight at Kilroy's Sports is only $5 per 2 people. Once you're in, everything is half off!
Beautiful waxing crescent moon w/ earthshine tonight.
Sixty-eight percent of a #HostessTwinkie is air. Now that's some good air time.
1 more final & then I am done for the semester. Too bad it is for the class I strongly dislike. On the plus side, after 9pm I am all done!
A massage would be niiiccee 😊
hell yes he is. i celebrate his entire catalog...and I like riding night trains too.
Congrats on doing well on the GMAT!
My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.
whatever. Looking like anorexic pigeon toed chicken. Lol now what
You know you tweet too much when you know no one by their name, but only by their handle.
Introducing whisk Reputation. Outsourced, professional Yelp feedback management and more... Are you in?
and happy mom day to your mom.
I talk a lot and I'm really loud
RT : #sdcchi hackathon teams: the Noble Tree Cafe will be available anytime after 9pm. Come on by and hack all night!
Heavy rains and thunderstorms today, and forecast for the rest of week. Made the call to head home and try again next week.
oh right sorry, you know i haven't even had a chance to look, you can resend if you'd like
what a silly and innocuous thing to be upset about. looks like mark missed real calling: GOP 2012 candidate
hehe..all that is salad.But it tastes so yummy
Wht Is A Friend ???
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I was like man this so boring but now I'm a addict.
I would hope for the next TOC old meds drop, that pharmacies would receive a poster to display in our stores.
hahaha that is top secret information!
Peter bring in Seth is looking exhausted
Running on 2 hours of sleep.
got decent sleep last night, hopefully the jetlag is over
Ill be at 11,000 FOLLOWERS TOMORROW NIGHT !!! s/o all those SUPPORTING ME and my MUSIC !! tell ya followers GET AT ME
Holder's job is to encore federal law, not pander to bigots like you.
Just what I feared ... word is the second shooting was on Boylston between Wahington and Amory .... where we had a shooting back in Aug.
Okay, so I did a back bend last night, but immediately my right leg began to seize in an unbearable cramp. was right.I'm old.
A thousand mile journey begins with one step. Start today.
oh. Yeah that's bad
Men of genius are admired; men of wealth are envied; men of power are feared; but only men of character are trusted.
I'm hungry I want chicken parm @ a sprite
I think I seriously just asked myself, "How do you spell 'ACL'"?
Listening to the Blue Organ Trio's "Wonderful" the music of Stevie Wonder and it is just that wonderful! What great grooves,what a treat.
The beta version of the new Outlook Add-in for Salesnet CRM is now available! Download it from our login page.
_InternetMedia thanks for following me on Twitter!
Excited for #gala2012 making waves yet again!
have fun!
hate speech? You're kidding right? Were you saying the same about Sharpton? Farrakhan? Jackson? 5-6 wks ago re: Trayvon?
Hey Primo! It's wonderful to see the wonderful things you are doing. (I am Margy's daughter).
Has any other basketball fan ever noticed that Kenyon Martin, Drew Gooden, and Carlos Boozer are all the same guy? Lol
Got some great goods from Gramma
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you."
I love you Lorenzo - Darcia :)
Ok. I'll check it in a moment I'm knee-deep in eggplant. Don't ask...
Installing Messages - excited about Mountain Lion - makes me want a Developer account w/ Apple. Anyone know of iOS App courses/seminars?
Kobe with a facial!!!
some of these NBA psas r totally gay!
your welcome!
Nicole (Shoes) at #731 - fantastic! Knowledgeable, candid, helpful, charming ...kudos to an outstanding #brand representative
Damn girl i'll lick to muffin anyday of the week
Shawty scream Loud , Shawty gone moan ' Call that music to my ears Head phoonneess ♪ -Royalty.
Just made it here at the Ryman with 8-)
Members only.
“This is our time to get back into Avenged Sevenfold, and I’m sure by next summer it’ll all be going again,” he explains.
Except, Chanyeol is not allowed to become your ultimate bias. Or bias. Niether is Kris. Or Tao. Or Kai. Yeah. No.
I can't wait till valentines day!<3
Exercising it in a minute!
Happy Wedding Wednesday to all my fellow wedding pals! What's on tap for today?
I'm not asking for much. Just keep it real with me
I'm on the grind! Are you? Crystallize your goals and change the world around you. But most importantly - stay focused along your path.
Lots of Adele on the radio 
Can't wait to check-in this weekend and see Sleep No More for the second time!!! Perhaps the Electric Room afterward?
Now let me help u make ur estimated tax payments RT : Congrats to !!! 4th Highest Selling Rap Album of ALL time
Cookie monster to veggie monster to antioxidant monster. its inevitable.
"Retracing your steps is not enough to remember the way out"
All love is probationary, a fact which frightens women and exhilarates men.
Thanks! I am looking into ways we can use it here in the medical library.
And they're messing around in her phone! This is some high school-level tomfoolery!
girl.....IM ROOTIN FOR HIM. He speaks the TRUTH not the hopes.
I realized that I have a LOT of patience
Does money and career trump all for young women today? - ChicagoNow (blog)
Just watched the season premiere of #GandB, I love love love even more now, such a great role model
UFC 136 let's get it on :) so ready for this card :)
"To me Gay and Queer are very different things" - Rahul Gairola
please follw me and ask ryan too? ur voices are amazing! i have a crush on ryan, hes gorg! shhhhhhh :) !
Going to culvers for a late lunch date!
hahaha you know it!
Jules keep us on the down low ;)
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a step
Just gonna be taking math next semester
EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
I'm going to try this--- target.
cerebral malfunction-realized I never followed ya.
Bizzy girl, did you know you're getting a visit Thursday from ?
It's like a pattern in Atlanta.. They collect ur number and only use it wen they horny. Try something else.
Had a great day volunteering for + !
“: Looking at old pictures & noticing how lame you were when you were younger.”
I have booking information for jim jones mother if you need it lol lol
~ So exciting! Congratulations!
Wow--the snow is coming down! Looking forward to seeing the news crews on the Square :)
umm naive, insecure, and selfish
Thankful Thankful Thankful Thankful!
hollywood dream is my favorite song<3
The trailer and footage for The Amazing Spider-Man was quite impressive. Going to be one hell of an entertaining movie. Pretty stoked now.
just got a groupon for EVERYTHING with you Arul! Can't wait! See you Wednesday if not sooner :)
D3 well wishes going out to N.T., J.C. & A.O.! Also, good luck to S.L.! D3 genuinely looking forward to attending FFS open house tonight!
It's nice to have another Badger out here in the Emerald City! good luck this year
peace speak to me .wiggles.
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day."
Thanks ! Glad you made it out! Next up is "How Does She Do It?!" Panel Forum on Oct. 26th in San Diego! DM me for invite!
#AustinMahoneToBoston PLEASEE TREND THIS!?!:( please come to Boston
Victory Loves Preparation
me too:)
Back to the hockey rink!
Your use of :D is baffling me. LOL. You are adorable & brilliant and I hope they get their heads screwed on and hire you. Xox
Thanks for following me! Hope all is well! Going to Texas tomorrow! woo-hoo!
What about me??!?! I want to be loved! I love you guys!
I lived with a cat I loved for years after developing cat allergies...
Soon as I find a permeant poison I'm getting a new number ASAP
Come make a difference at #ToysforJoy this Saturday and catch a pre-release performance of my new album, Would love to see you out there!
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good. ~ Joe Paterno
Out new store in Folsom CA planning CPS touchscreen install next week; they'll have outdoor Beer Garden; store opening 10/26!
haha awesome! I have my license too, but i'll probs walk cuz zac lives like 2 minutes from me.
when is Austin gonna make a new cover? :/
Coachella shooting victim shows up in ER with gunshot wound. - KESQ
RT : Looking forward to #TheRingLeader with ! The Premier on is February 14 2012
Dude, $25? You need a raise!!
a real poet bro!
I don't know... Why do guys go for girls who are so fake. Like she is acting like she doesn't comprehend basic tasks and you fell for that?
Yay! won a photo tour from !
home from school!! :)
Stage: white guys.
Nice meeting with discussing this morning.
That was a bold prediction on his part.
cruzin into bronchitis i think...YIPPEE! Miss NC is one week away! yeah!
When Robins eat too many honeysuckle berries at once, they become...well...drunk. Holiday partying? ops...
Bruins power play is back to looking anemic I see...(I'm only saying that so they score and make me look stupid)
half price bottles of wine today and every Saturday. We have a rockin' wine list!!
oh hit your right. Lemme change that shit
I wonder if is up
'Like' if you want me to do a CC photo spam. -Sara
Express Lube wishes everyone a very blessed Thanksgiving.
theres this stuff called goo be gone, idk how it reacts with skin but it works on everything else with that residue on it lol
thanks for the follow!
it was crazy you got to watch it
San Diego County Democatric Party (SDCDP) has endorsed Bob Filner for Mayor!
Sure thing! The Library LITES are hilarious. I think they can be excellent inspiration to some Bruin filmmakers.
you're welcome Julie! Hope you're enjoying this beautiful day. :)
I love Whitney Houston! So sad she is gone!
That seems like a conservative estimate. “: The average person will spend three years on the toilet during their lifetime”
plane tickets is out of line boy lol
thank you so much! That was so nice of you. It was a great class, right?!
The absolute satisfaction at the end of the day when you discover a new song.
Try not to look at a picture of Joe Morton and not say "Oh shit, thats Miles Dyson".
Looking forward to hear what has to say during his presentation.
Ok now I have a iPhone and don't know why I did not befor .. I'm chill with baby Cameron watching married with childern
Okay, Minnesota #Vikings, we're in this for the long haul. Let's make something of it.
Corey Hart 1 for his last 23. He's so due!!
Why are there still telephones in hotel bathrooms?
hahaha I had to ! It wouldn't let me tweet it ...
I LOVE ONE DIRECTION THEY'RE CUTE!!!!!!!!! :)
send mp3's to for review.
I know Vincents wife Joni, use to live in their neighborhood, she's in good hands!!
Lol she scared she might scratch my back... yep im doing my job
Good Morning and Happy Friday Everyone!
wonder if would find room in the budget for that? Oh wait she doesn't pay attention to voters, nevermind.
Lets hang out and you should steal your moms phone so we can take IG phoe toes.
Good morning!
Very cool Thank you for the
Now that I know that I'm going to have to work for a bit this weekend, I'm gonna call it a day and go work out. Tweet y'all later!
poor homeless guy outside work earlier. some old lady bought him a coffee and burger. so sweet !
oh well i give up trying to meet him if it hasn't worked the first 2 then it probs wont ever
be watchful and thankful
Walking past the Ritz on my way to Water Tower Place is probably the most depressing thing of my life ever
Tell me why that was really akward ?
happy birthday oliver andrews #dontdrinkanddrive lol
Do the water taxis take bikes?
You have a great day. I love your name!
all this talk about class warfare and whether or not its actually happening... we better start bringin it so there's no doubt
Note to the #GOP: Corporations are NOT people and people can NOT be run like corporations!
short people are awesome!!! they can bite your ankles and hide xD.
. Bipartisan Cafe is one of Portland's best places to work on that novel.
Ramen Noodles <33 Sound delicious right now !
There ya go! That's the spirit.
Just did a round of all TV theme songs. Harder that you may think. Geek Pub Quiz at SYP!
Wonder why I dont see "Briefs buy 4 get 2 free" like they have for panties...
that's true lol Alright come next semester I'll try to ask her out or something
Join.me. Pretty slick. No session archiving, though. iPad app is groovy.
Of all the issues of aging, the one that gets me the most is short term memory loss. People laugh about it but it's truly a curse.
We entered the contest to be on the Local Stage at Edgefest this year. Voting is 4/9-4/20. Hope you vote for us!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, And I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the...
Alert dc was a hit tonight.
Just shoot hand with Neil, you killed it in the beach bowl today.
#breakingdawn in 2 weeks! let the countdown begin <3
wake up drunk, go to sleep fucked up
Average Bakersfield Rainfall around 6"/year, Average Palo Alto Rainfall around 15"/year. Better get used to it! #gocardinal!!!
Thank U for bringing a breath of fresh air to #RAW last night.. I hope you stay around for good this time ! They need u !
yeah Donny boy..look at Wisconsin dead last in jobs under R-Scot Walker.
OMG pearland is so far!!
I wil RT and if they email me I can fwd to group as well.
Sometimes I wouldn't believe my life if I wasn't living it
I'm wit that DJ! He's rt up there! Grey hair in all
Just as guess but the farthest from the left is you Bill?
I'm not a fool, that's why i'm moving on :)
hey I was thinking we should hang out. Been way to long!
that too! ;D its also 's birthday (:
Hang in there! Hope it doesn't go too late. In a weird way, I miss it a little bit.
#nowplaying put that a*$ to work
I used my friends address before I moved to Portland. What they don't know won't hurt em!
David's video won!!!! Thank you to all who voted!
I just Jamed to a whole Spanish song :) #noteveo . 🎶
Six more days until the first two games of the regular season!
thanks for coming down philly! :) #motivated!
im soo confused
1st quarter is complete. Lakers with the lead 27-14.. keep it up.
Yep, and I have netflix as well and the ability to stream movies from them so cable is just a luxury that no longer need.
Commission public input hearing live from Auburn. Watch now at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov
Lunchtime for me! You know where I'm headed...#SUBWAY! I'm taking advantage of the $5 Jalapeno Tuna footlong because it ends on Saturday!
Was Sam Walton burning compassion and vision to force 10,000 Mom and Pop (and kids) stores out of business? Or was it cheaper paper towels?
she said, "oh so you just done with us, I love you tho..." well that makes one of us.
Aimee Mann was amazing!
At the Gen44 Mid-Atlantic Reception at the Howard Theatre waiting to hear Vice President Joe Biden speak!
#mdcsymposium What about virtual worlds? Other than gaming & some fringe groups, this doesn't seem to have caught on w/ millennials. Why?
The White Stripes documentary is pretty fantastic. Finally got around to seeing it.
foo fighters performance was only redeeming quality
same heree im at my friendss place :)
Hey guys! it was great stopping in this weekend and getting treats! thx for chatting with me too!
go get down with your inner African queen!
When my sisters get into a fist fight >
Fantasizing about a trip to the US: NYC - Washington - Miami - LA - Vegas - San Fransico... Anything else?
Who paid my college bill? ME! I should demand a refund! So weary of folks expecting everything to be EASY. College grads: pay your own bill.
haha...I'm waiting a little before I leave the house for just that reason.
Good set tonight with Dave Attell (), Damon Wayans Jr () & others...
Cheers to a great weekend!
GOOD AFTERNOON!
hey is ESPNlouisville one of the stations on the ESPNradio App?
I'd say the same thing with less attitude&without the "you wouldn't care" part. &say it with an innocent questioning tone (x
Duke finna bust that ass them plumlee brothers. Finna ball
“: #SignsAPersonCantCook when the fire alarm goes off when tries to cook anything” True!
Flash mob dance party at Whole Foods!
Dairy queen!
Weirdest thing about this house: rain makes the Internet go out. So much for my productive evening plans!
Read the books, haven't watched the show, but still cheer that on like whoa. :D
"OK gang, you know the rules, no humping, no licking, no sniffing hineys"
We haven't made it out there yet this seasons, it's been two whole weeks! Yes, we're bad parents.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~ Albert Einstein
Tyranny of the majority is real, isn't a talking point, and is why we don't vote on civil rights.
I have decided, unequivocably, that I do not like "Beth/Rest," mostly because no one needs 80's soft rock to return to prominence.
I can't believe it's Friday again! #FF happy St. Patricks! have a safe a profitable weekend.
hey what's up
That feeling >>>>
S/O to my new follower #NFB :)
God is using 's talents to uplift us all. Keep up the tweets they are so inspirational.
jesus need us like he needs a hole in his hand! Hahaha ba-da-dom!!
Majority of the people at IMDB liked Paradigms more. I LOL'ed at this more cause of the plot. Paradigms was hell good though
#MomentWhen you Just wan to strangle somebody so they could STFU !
HAHAHAHA RT : Its Candlestick park. Kinda ironic, don't ya think
You fell asleep?! I missed that!
It all starts with defense
MS Lawmaker Andy Gipson should be the one put to death
Looking to end the week on a high note. Lots of work ahead ready for the challenge!
The 2012 is coming soon. That's what May brings to the party!
Ringling Museum- what a fabulous place!!
Good start :D
How do you feel in Monday evening?.
ok good, I am following you on here!
Who's watching stuff on the royal wedding already I sure am
Buzz Aldrin in "Transformers" is like Stephen Hawking in "White Chicks"
Tracked bass in under an hour today. Hella yeah.
Okay. How is Justin and Selena being together or not change your life or who you are as a person? EXACTLY. SO STFU.
you throw a heck of a party. :) I had a great time, and I can't wait to visit again.
as a matter of policy, I am boycotting any company who spams my twitter feed. C ya.
They're coins to be made & bills to be paid.
It's official. 24 hours left living in Indiana
hey, go easy on those calendars. They are the most useful thing I get out of the city.
Somebody wake me from this nightmare. I can't escape this hell!
Yes he is! All kinds of fine.
Tuesday's schedule is full now. Still have openings on Wednesday. Keep in mind latest prediction good chance of rain on Thursday.
Happy Birthday dear!! Hope it's the best one yet!! xoxo
Thanks for sharing. That's an interesting article. ^AW
sounds interesting...
Tweet me Get Austin Mahone Verified and ill RT it!!!!
I'm that make ya say oh!!!! Nigga I'm that chill, real, killin, big deal, grilling nigga
I love the work you've done #FacesofAddiction. Would love to talk to you about including your work in an exhibition
that's best friend <3 :)
At work. Apparently, someone stole our collection copy of Beastie Boys "Paul's Boutique". Ugh. That's infuriating.
Protect your #1 investment with a paint job from Mr.D's Painting check out our web site @ www.mrdspainting.com or call us @ 619-562-5848
People mourn differently
I like the new approach"if we weren't honest, we wouldn't be dominos" I will weigh that comment with past experience
And if i follow you plz follow back!!!!!!
This energy drink is neverending energy....
which is?
1 thing 4sure this Trayvon kid incident just possibly may have saved tons of lives.
Thanks for the retweet Mark. Keep up your great work....
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism. To steal from many is research.
Today just didnt feel the same....somethings missing
I guess I ran out of time to be a Gowalla user. Let that be a lesson to SEIZE THE DAY.
looks beyond beautiful on her default pic.
This weather is so bipolar
Trustory: I once found a copy of Your Sinclair in the cellar of an Abbey next to the unmarked bones of several monks.
Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, What's in it for me
the PTs are in full force tonight! Watch out!!
All I care about is money and the city that I'm from.
love u too
ima go check it out
My wife just asked me if I know who "Pretty Boy Nick Flair" is. I said yes.
I'm in love with Austin but would move anywhere at this point! :)
you is kind, you is smart, you is POTENT, wheww! So stinky!
Most people would say that being stuck in the house with the wind roaring outside is an avenue for creative expression. Thoughts?
finishing up writing this song i started last night it just might be the best song i wrote so far
Good morning peeps !! What's for breakfasts ? I'm craving for a coffee in this foggy day !
You're a good man.
I have 2 sons. I don't care who you are, you let something like that happen you're OUT. Criminal to stand by & let that happen
lmfaoo I know! I found it!
last starring role! (I had to wiki that shit)
we were freniemies ok. I dint know, i thought they broke up but to my surprise they didn't lol i was opps my bad. He wanted it bad
iPhone keeps wanting to autocorrect #wckc to "ack" - guess it's anticipating lots of activity today.
#YouWasCuteUntil you decided to use WAS in that sentence instead of WERE.
So I'm extremely confused. I want to but I can't. I really can't. Which makes me not want to...
O LOB CITY!!!! Bledsoe to Griffin!
Enter 2011 Crowned Princess Charm Pageant. Early bird rate expires January 31...www.distinct-impressions.net
10 to 2. I would expect that kind of logic from a MI guy
The best feeling in the world is knowing that you actually mean something to someone.
*raises hand* *crosses legs* ;-)
Such a great time! Can't believe you missed out on the wings! Right, ?
Yay just hit my 400 follow!!!!
It's kind of becoming my if-you-read-one-book-in-2012 ... book.
A closed mouth doesn't get fed, speak up!
Just followed my bestie her stupid twitter wont let her follow me ugh
Girl just gimme a sign!
Poop fest yet again #finalsroundtwo ; I apparently need to stop eating #buttonfireeee 🚒🚽💩🔥
def checking it out! My stretch marks r mostly 30+ yo can it help? Oh & loose skin? Ppl will wanna know! This!
RT : The new attention span is just 9 seconds - scary or not? If you have the most fascinating option, it's not.
The exhibition opens on Oct.16, hope to see you in the Museum soon!
When you have a need that pops up, reach out to those in your network to see if they or someone they know can help you fulfill it.
California love for Andre
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
right after the gym, I'm sure!
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure. ~ William Feather
Ah.....I love the sound of my rain barrel filling up. Especially since I left it on all day yesterday :(
They will have a great time w/ #FFA members and full day of show and tractor pull. Great seeing you there last yr
(c) get in trouble and now I have a really bad headache...ugh I hate her...
What about DC? True, it's not a state but a district. But still...
Marcum can't pitch, but man can that guy bunt!
My bed > My couch.
We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -Thomas Paine
wow. Craig huh? I'll never forgot that one. We're even though. Remember when I got jumped on the bus because of you? 
We've got our farmers mkt blend - mainly centrals & brazil for $10 a full pound. Not on the site tho... Gotta come out to the mkt...
Good! Let me know how it goes and if you need any help in the Cloud
what the hell happened to Sosh? He used to such a great manager.
lol! XD its just a cute face I guess, haha sorry to confuse you! Well at least you learned a new smiley! :3
I thought I ate reasonably healthy, but this is a wake-up call. Great ideas.
Sure Thing(:
I love <3
Imma be under the mistletoe, with you. shawty with i
Carey Price and Ovi in the #NHLAllStar game? Really? I just threw up in my mouth.
hey lady! How are you???
learning the DJ board at the station, www.99thejoynt.com
Swamp Thing with wings made me wanna run to a tattoo parlor and then wuss out at the last minute.
shes good!! Lol she could put me to sleep haha its soothing! Do you like Kings Of Leon?
Need a break from cyber shopping? Happy Hour tonight 5-7
so younger Americans can become St Reps/Senators. I think we need to incorporate younger values & ideals into current systm
Who is ready for a customer appreciation party? Come see us this Friday from 5-7. Lots of fun, specials, freebies.
27 mentions thanks for listening to my music (:
Light travels faster than sound. That's why some people appear bright, until they speak.
Do libraries have a right to lend e-books? Seems like a tough argument to make.
: swear if you dont stop postin about the heat . Llol
Ludacris is a weirdo
Food is the mission.
Following - crazy social experiement = free coffee!? yes, please!
a new adventure everyday!
looks great guys!! Can I put my name on it too because I don't have any cake mix?
Spending some quality time down by the fireside with Ruby on Rails today.
Got some really good beats for sale I'm a singer always need beats send me your info @ thanks :):)
That awkward moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out
Ah! Just got my first tattoo!! It looks soo good!
Oh damn! It doesn't come out until tomorrow-didn't see this post until I suggested a movie. Have a FUN day off!!!
LOVE IS LOVE
Successful authors use transitional coaches for encouragement and clarity
--- your kidding me?! serious?
Stop takin #pics wit y'all #phones n da got damn #mirror get sum #pussy have a #bitch do it or smthn
Me 2 boo :-( RT : I got this drank in my cup #meoww wish yeww were here
american dad is such a great show haha
I figure the bobcats will lose once again:P it's disappointing:/
S/O to my bro ..the real Angry Man!!!!
Tishay think she the sht now cause she can draw a heart ctfu
RT : Evidence shows that cushioned running shoes doesn't prevent injury in the 30yrs since Nike founder Bill Bowerman invented them.
Hey. Hope you are well.
I really wish this lady would hurry up & set my time so I can hit 71-S to Columbus....
RT : My job has a opening in the college park area. Hit me up if anyone is interested. Need a whip...
“There’s a lot to be done while your head is still young” -
I turned three guys down for you why dont you feel the same way
How this nigga get mad bc i talk to others? Nigga if u respond to calls and txt more then i wldnt but hey ull learn one way or the other.
Glad you enjoyed it :)
dish dropped sny, yes, and msg. No local ny sports on them. No cable line into house, no fios, n 2 yr contract still.
yes, need to because this is the blue print of how they will do to us.
Jan can u pls follow me back? <3 I LOVE U JAN!
ONE DIRECTION RUN MY VAGINA omg, greatest trending topic ever. brb dying
just reading about pungle. Love. Love. Love.
The RIG Region 7 AOS Panel has now begun. The panel is reviewing app# 130004 Writer's Center of Indiana.
Friday signals the beginning of an uninterrupted two days of time with the little miss. I love her to the moon and back. Jules is my star.
It’s never too early to schedule your teen’s senior portrait session! Whether in-studio or on location, we’ll capture the moment perfectly.
Going deep with some obsolete Korean character encoding schemes.
#Broncos fans, is this week more BITTER or SWEET?
IE for MAC was last released in 2003 and was no longer supported after 2005.
Wanna thank ya for reppin Hard for the Team bro!!! U picked a team to be proud of!!! JTP JO-WAYNE
Love the people that wear tank tops and flip flops in protest to this weather. It's Spring, dammit!
Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!
I figure good service deserves a shout out.
my Movie my guy on what channel
All new followers over the next 6 hours into a drawing. Whoever wins AND whoever referred them gets a copy of "Illegal Procedure"!
We passively take in messages from the world around us, even if we’re not overtly conscious of those messages.
“The connections betw & amng women r the most feared, the most problematic & the most potentially transforming force on the planet.” A.Rich
Yeah!!!!! I just got fired from my day job so I'm going to do full time boxing and comedy now
I agree with the Hulk or Iron Man!!
I'm great. You?
Happy Birthday To Lil Trill (:
We hope everything ran smoothly yesterday! #StVincentFam BTW, really playing well lately!
Community Media Workshop Conference today #mmc2011 I'm a panelist and will be talking about #RedCross and mobile engagement
Only heard by the refined ears of insomniac musicians ;-)
it's ok but thanks :) I'm sure everything will work out....eventually
Please, on a day like this especially... do not let the disgusting negativity out there effect you!
Afternoon all how we all doing?
I was in the shower...?! I forgot he was in Miami so he's in a different timezone.)'''':
Join us in reading "High on the Hog: A Culinary Journey from Africa to America" by Jessica Harris. Bartram Book Club Chat & Potluck Feb. 25
that's just what a spy would say.
its a damn song
RT clayton is the fukkn boonies!!!
See some real return on your advertising & sponsorship $$ with our QR code t-shirts!! We know what we're doing.
Correct to slam #Penguins, but hair pull wasn't Crosby on Giroux; it was Adams on Hartnell. Pre-rant #factcheck is advisable!
No one really appreciates their eyebrows until they've been singed off in some sort of explosion
hahahah get outta there and DIE
your pretty funny. you know that right?
going to avec and publican....anything new i should try?
One-week holiday, back again! :p
I know you are no longer with us but I Love and Miss you
Masoli makes another play with his legs, but runs away from pass rush and tosses to WR for 12-yeard gain and 1st down.
I miss cuban coffee from Miami.
I hate that when I get my #productivity apps fine tuned it leaves little room for experimenting with paradigm shifting new tools.
is absolutely unstoppable right now. I have a feeling Laker fans will be letting you hear about that air ball 3. Good luck in G7!
It's about time I made myself more awesome ! I have some huge goals to reach this summer, and I'm not going to let anything stop me.
brainfart on my part...I guess. Thanks for the feedback. I know its the other way around...
Happy Mother's Day to you RED HAUTE MAMA!
Just getting better every day, Janet. No one ages that fast!
Thank you, both! is one multi-talented guy.
Alright Timmy B. full disclosure. Who is on the don't-like list?
it sure is & the line's coming along GREAT! The new summer stuff will blow you away!
thank god(:
philly cops think they still are in a small town in the midwest!
ok spread da word if y'all really want to do it
Will you be livestreaming the Celebration of Junior Seau's Life from Qualcomm on May 11th?
Stopping at Lili soon for some java inspiration....
damn my printer broke
I think he's with his girlfriend ):
Don't believe Niecey Bash son soft ass on tv crying because he getting a tattoo acting like a little girl
#OETC12 right now, Colleen Macklin is showing you how to make a game of game critique.
Wonderful!I'm very sorry for the late reply!It just popped up now!My ipod does that sometimes!Lol So anyways Hi Amy Again:]
Wow didn't think hearing that would really piss me off.
That's how I feel about the hyphen in my domain name, but now I have both! Bwahaha!
In need of a manicure is an understatement.
ain't hating! love it!!
what happened...
Never stop believing in your dreams :) x
I DIDN`T HEAR YOU "Lol" .
Finally finished this stupid ass shark lab-__- #brainfried/:
My youth too! Might as well jump...
There goes again brushing ER teeth
I think a YouTube channel with tv shows playing with tweets popping up would make bank.
watch your head :P
Ok let me get this Foxboro Mass has been without power since sunday'' But the Pat's have power for there game on thursday''WTF''
Moved onto the second Body Count alb, "Born Dead." Iceberg sounds pretty intimidating through a pitch shifter.
Woah! 36 not closed! Driver error.
#arentyoutiredof rude ass people!!
Thanks for the RT!
We love your style !
REALLY, BROOKE?
Doing good. Just got back from a few days in Oscoda on the water. Always relaxing. How's life in the D? ;)
Listening to on social business design here
hopefully gonna see #TheLuckyOne later ;)
sounds like u need some urban belly pho
Day 2 of #WIFYR. It just occured to me to check twitter for the back conference conversation
": Gay people don't wanna live in f*cking North Carolina anyway" Miss Fath has spoken. End of story. (Take 2).
Just signed up for my partner drupalize me account. Wohoo! Great #drupal training, nice benefit Acquia!
so call me maybe
God gave me you for the ups and downs. <3
you better hope those hornets didn't bring their lock-picking tools.
waited over 2 hours for and got kicked out for nothing and missed the show...fuck you .worst club in chicago
“: he wasn't it. Spoiler!!! Fredo gets whacked at end of Godfather II.” spoiler I am drinking and didnt Think...
Friday 5pm yeah that's right it's Martini time. The weekend starts now!
#in my head there :D hehe <3
and you're probably right...
Good luck Troy! Can't wait to see the after pic.
A whole bunch of cheerleaders on the show this morning. They're waking us all up. Yee haw.
: This conference was lacking your lovely voice! You, me and : femme tech workshop in 2014?!?
Everything you can imagine is real.
Especially Tom Cruise!
You stole me with hello and killed me with goodbye
lol. I know right. I thought about it just the other day
the more the merrier.
Folks filtering in for our breakfast #AD4MH event, the first of three programs today!
Checking out baseworld.com. Missing Miami weather.
Finally an awesome performance, Phillip is amazing and pretty dang hot.
I found my other battery. :D
what is going on with the red sox man?
upload the one we took at the restaurant :)
trust me it was lol steak hoagie n large cheese fries #all gone
I so would if I had the money
I hate UVerse -.-
Markets up, I love things up! Getting serious about making money this week, lets see what's going on.
and what are you doing right now?! I dont understand alg 2. Sue me
We need to stop and take a breath before we attempt to define the Arab Spring as a "social media" revolution.
This show is such a joke
Chris Rock looks beautiful - love the hair!
People talk about "Stop Bullying", but as soon as somebody states an opinion, everybody isn't so.. "Stop bullying".. Some people you are.
The #Aztecs are losing the battle of the boards 16-21.
Im now a big fan of the Cali-Belgique....bomb!
Hockey, for when you want to see white people good at sports
Ha Night (:
Good analogy RT: Trying to get over the regret of bad planning is like trying to swat a gnat with a tennis racket.
Want to see your next show...on Kozlov.
S/o to for repping #JNC on #SNL today.
.... Omg STOP IT! I may or may not have a Hagwarts table down stairs in the game room??? ....
Today's gift card winner is Michael Miller. Congratulations!
Lets go Preds.
remember your like in 7th grade I'm in 10th. [°0°]
Don't worry. Im sure as soon as u post those songs on youtube a producer will come running @ ur door :-)
what you doing for Halloween? How is the paranormal society going?
Just had my first professional massage! A thoughtful graduation present from my mom -- especially sweet after weeks of tension headaches.
Early wrap. Sweet.
#ThingsThatNeedToEnd white frat boys that do ghetto dances. No! Thats not how the dougie is done Brad!
Just counted how long one piece of thunder went on..... OMG 50 SECONDS!!! Is that a record?
I better go 2 bed..instead jammin 2 some Tupac...going back.. California Love!!!
Shut the fuck up and get the fuck out my house before i throw u thru the glass
RT : Watching the #GRAMMYs? We're having a great time here putting your tweets up on Grammy.com/Live, powered by !
not great
thanks Kathy! Potential MCDM class: Visual Information Strategy??
When you write "Le Gos is a God" on your math test knowing your teacher's a Gosling fan. #HigherGrade ?
HAHA I'm following you
God wants to bless us where we are. Joel Osteen
Hi Lacey. It was nice to finally meet you in person at yesterday's #smckc happy hour!
"why am I an asshole" "sexy princess monkey, I wonder the same thing " k siri
Princess Marie of Denmark studied abroad Switzerland and US, welcomes #eaie2011 to Copenhagen.
Happy Mother's Day to all the YANKEE Moms out there doing the right thing and raising their children to be YANKEE fans! =)
Excited to hear Chelsea from at on making the case for #servicedesign in the public sector
But when people make a "stop smoking cigarettes" commercial, they look worse and they look like they've been ruined. & its not illegal
Hey Hannah :-)
We greatly appreciate you putting us on your site! Much love<3
Rt!! Love it too!
who made it a Heavy Guilt wknd and caught both the Duo set on Friday and the afternoon set in the park on Sat?
Miss you 2! Visit us?RT : I miss my old ...They knew my order & had it ready before I walked thru the door!
It's a greater reward at the end of a road that less traveled
Happy Hour Every Wednesday Thursday Friday! Specials Package#1 Relaxer #HairCut & ColorRinse on Relaxed hair only $60! &More!
lol like for real I see where and what this generation is coming too
they ain't have it at the place I told you?
Some hoes shouldn't smoke squares til they lips turn #SnickerBrown like they occupation is kissin ass
Happy Monday #twitterverse!
Whoa! Looks like we are all set if there is a sudden sausage shortage.
Catch me rockin @ The Bar Room March 2nd!!
about to go check out the waves!
Scaring Chaz - tonight Terry scared Chaz while wearing a pink wig and holding a Justin Beiber Barbie doll.
Urgently looking for a Google Maps expert for a couple hours of quick project consult. Know anyone? Is that you?
Oh shit I'm finally famous.
Gatewood was a gentleman and true Kentucky icon. I'm sad to hear of his passing.
where's the afterparty? You owe me a miller high life! haha
The avengers was an amazing movie!!!!!!
MTV awards tonight !!!!! Make sure u watch it and before you do go on facebook and like us please : )
ijs......... gotta call it something else.
what was Fetish Weekend like? I had a fab time and met so many cute guys who didn't speak a word of English! ;)
Your my bestfriend your gonna say that. i g2g tweet you later!!<3 love you cunt
The Real #1 Rowdy fan here... I'm that guy that's cheering on the Superstretch when you go up front. Yeah....that guy!
May the 4th be with you. 😏
Browne: Dulles will not fully achieve its goal of being world-class facility without Metro.
I Love Hoe You Said " The Guy" . Neat ^_^ lol
Steve-o on jackass takes a right pounding compared to the rest of the guys!
This is the latest I've stayed up in so long.
OH: I'd rather get drunk for free with police officers
or new york, ny is good too at least with ryan gosling jflksdfsl
A crash course in #twitter!!! DAMNIT!!! LOL
DR PEPPER YEA
you all don't day drink at spalding? Lol
ha your right:)
Any suggested beers to remedy a nasty ear infection?
Holy crap it's state wrestling weekend. Pretty mad at myself, the past 11 years I lived for this weekend and this year I completely forgot.
OMG. & your name's hannah?! we have so much in common. WOAH!
Rescue email launched. See if that helps.
i'm gonna try to get him here
since you've been gone, i just don't know what to do!
i love you.
today was the best day ever!!!!
Thx to for speaking at #spectrum12 #Leadership Day
Agreed. Happy New Year, etc. etc.
Chicago we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
thanks guys!!!!
well that's no fun. You'll just have to go twice next year...
I would visit a certain cable news website just to gawk but I think in google analytics, so no, no click for you.
DMX is off the chain
I am going to see you guys!
#fall10 or be on drake staples ticket
What a show of heart from Jeff Hougland.
Thanks for a great 300th Episode of The Shakedown tonight! Now, on to 600!
Stumbled across something super amazing!!! :D
Job description uploaded for Industrial Designer job at Samsung
Afar is looking for photographers in Beirut, Lima and Tokyo! Email me at .
complete lineup in 54 minutes, y'all!
I'm slightly obsessed with Barry's Bootcamp
What is the most breathless thing on television ? The Pink Panter Show !
no worries, still a sad story.
I think status quo in Severna Park is at least wary stares toward literally everything so, yeah.
have seen Hampton Inns use that title before as well so who knows
Tired of going to the club and not enjoying yourself. Standing on the wall or sitting in your seats! Enjoy Club 101 on SPOT LIGHT THURSDAYS
Thanks to the folks that came to see us over the weekend.
na hell...u like booty clubs lmao
Saw THG again. That movie will never get old :)
Akinade: Africa is lagging behind...and I'm not happy about this.
This is a very odd telecast, some parts are very good, others very awkward.
Happy birthday !!! We know the DJ
MoronPosingChristians:Read da Bible cover2cover using a concordance&dictionary praying first!No1knows da hour,day&has da mind of da Creator!
giving the iPad application a thorough run through tonight. I've been super pleased with your desktop application, very Interactive!
Don't let the fear of making the wrong decision prevent you from making any decision at all. Go 4 it you will be fine!!!
Having sex is like playing bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
I WANT THAT HAT NOW
Thank you oh delicious one!
Getting tweets to your phone is #classy (: #ClassyAllis fyi: my name is Alli 2(;
Eating sushi for lunch and I remembered to tell everyone that we have plenty of 10% off coupons for at
okay I'll see Bcuz my gf is graduating to lol so idk what she'll have planned
Obama must set a price limit on Red Bull, iced coffee, & hot wings
#gwu Safety & Security: "A student said a suspect was in the library Police searched the library, no suspects were located Gelman reopened."
is crackin me up today!! Abb workout!
That awkward moment when you've skipped a crap ton of songs on Pandora after 30 seconds of each and it plays an ad for ADHD next.
My little one is obsessed with my ipad and keeps coming in wanting to play games on it
Mississippi Street Fair tomorrow?
Benefit "Laughter is the Best Cosmetic" House Party! #benefitfan. Would love to host
NO...THE LIONS!!! lmao
Trying to go back in my timeline & follow some of the people who helped surprise me with the TT today. Can't believe it's still trending! ♥
amber rose....
Major Congrats, Rob, on optioning your comedy script.
miss ya, Baba. Bring it on back to MKE one of these days and holler at your boy :)
San Diego Vintners Association is officially tweeting #sandiego #wine Please follow us, we're a cool group of happy winemakers.
Facts About Human Papilloma Virus
NEW VIDEO COMING SON!
how many think killed that performance?
Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation; the other eight are unimportant.
Come one, come all. Do not eat the alligator. The alligator is for tourists.
I hate to overstate a point, but I hate to beat a dead horse.
Thats cos we rule!!!! Xoxo RT we WON THE TATTOO CONTEST!!!!!! GO US!!!!!
i thought i had pcos -- turns out I just get hemorraghic cysts! yay!!!
Love you♥ :3
its 130 and I'm jamin this champion track fellin like luda on the so hood remix smh. Much luv
Neck pillows should be SMALL, not big! Comfort is not dependent on how fluffy your pillow is, but highly depends on how it provides support.
morning...gotcha
I love my new avi. Great stoppage by Richard Steele! Chavez is legendary.
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
Thanks for chatting Aaron. I admit, U know ur TED talks way better than I & applaud ur energy. Good luck w/Ur Ph.D & publications!
back at ya
ima be here all night uploading the video..it takes forever!
Survival is not the way to live
Get score tweets from today's NCAA Tournament game with on
Will "Agile for government is hard. There is a lot of rules, stratification and standards. We managed to make this work with Agile."
KLUSOZ TONIGHT LADIES & GENTS!!! TIME TO GET UR WEEKEND STARTED RIGHT!! IT'S GOIN DIZZOWN BABY!!!
I would enjoy it but the NHL would not be able to capitalize on it. They have had chances before and blew them all Freddie
Sitting in my car 100 feet from my office, waiting for rain to die down enough for me to make a run for it!
most candy is better frozen anyway...
I'll eventually get over it.
Took a break to read a little of Anne Lamott's book Some Assembly Required. I remember reading Operating Instructions as a kid. Great stuff.
dfw to cdg. leaving warm texas sun for cool (and wet?) cobbles. excited!
Rub his belly for us, will ya?
Wow that just not right at all!!
oh well...nothing i can do about it.
Saw a hot guy with a cane, except no, it was an umbrella.
+_|__. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Happy 13 Birthday to my Best friend cristina garcia you are a really amazing friend u always support me really thanks..
THINGS ARE NOT ALWAYS WHAT THEY SEEM... These 2 little dogs have given me a much deep understanding... Continued next tweet
Why yes! Thank you so much for coming to hang out. Hope you didn't turned out as sunburned as a couple of us did.
gettin late on it for the first
Now you tell me. Just ate an entire bag of those doritos tacos.
And #accessusummit is underway! speaking on One World One Web. A great day ahead!
Last night.crazy poppin bottles with the.ravens football.team shout mccant
if you aren't doing huge volumes and no automation try - larger volumes try hope that helps!
haha alright alright, ha i cant believe you cut it
God first, family second, then everything else.
Reality is boring...come back soon ;) : Time to go back to reality. Thanks & for giving me a great break
Our pleasure. We love visiting Baton Rouge! Y'all make it taste so good!
ALSO ON TUMBLR IM FINDING GIFS OF HIM. dying
PRFer TimPickens: "asking them to use a Doritos taco shell for my Cheesy Gordita Crunch was one of the best decisions I've made in years."
Anyone else not loving the new Gmail layout? I'm having trouble getting into this one...
OMG plz follow me im waiting for the day! NEVER SAY NEVER!:)
Dont say his name 3 times or else!! RT : Where the heck is ? He's been quiet. He must be acting like he's working today
dear lord. let me know when you get to season 2
you too!!!
Great job at #refreshLeadership Wednesday, amazing speakers! BTW very cool illustrated profile pic
yoga vs. beer...which will win on this Friday evening?
The only way to stay true is to be you and I'm 100
space tigers... they want in!
#Hoosiers don't know what's coming I've never been so hyped for a game. UK +15 baby. F Hoosier nation they can't play outside assembly hall.
Start your whining now...LOL...no goal!
Einstein: We have reversed the relationship between the sacred intuitive mind and the rational mind...
California here we come! Pilc Moutin Hoenig playing Bad Ass Music (initials anyone?). Very excited, can't wait to see you there.
Thanks! Glad you liked it!
no way! She'll be creeped out. Shot her through a window while shooting a cheese assignment across the street.
God gives you 2 eyes, 2 ears, but only 1 heart. It's 'cause your supposed to go through life & find the other half.
I wouldn't be so mad if they talked quieter, but no, they choose to fucking yell across their god damned rooms to each other.
RT : When is everyone gonna realize "#winning" is fucking stupid and only idiots say it? Jess Christ shut up.
hey I didn't get your email! :(
I hear ya!
Looks like the thunderstorm is about to drop. The trees & red barberrys we planted today will get a nice initial soaking. My Azealas too :)
I can't wait to be able to laugh about all of this...
Making my way to Austin, TX for camp w
Selling ticket!
Ok, ok... I'm sorry. The whole thing sounds messed up to me. Run away from whoever that dude is...
There are many paths to the Magic Bullet, but the view is always the same. RT i love a good infomercial
#NamesForMyChildren Boy: Vincent Isaiah Girl: Alexis Rain
Live at Badgers Victory Party at Regent Street Retreat, 3pm!
Suzanna Burke is great Arthur Levine
I keep getting spam tweets and dm's from you!
Wired World of Sports crew is looking forward to the 2009 IAAF World Championships in Athletics ... we should have some live updates coming
ah! Im excited for the didnt mean it music video! #WeWantDidntMeanItMusicVideo!!! :)
i think the cubs fan in you is blurring your reality on this one
Love it!! They betta get ready.
Listening to the #STEMConnector Town Hall Meeting, CEO Edie Fraser, "It's about public-private partnership!"
sweet - that is good news.
is Manny Pacquiao and Is Bob Arum.. they tryna stay away from !!! SMDH
who sings? i wanna record a song with someone!
Share an update We met with Lee, CEO of the Dallas International Film Festival yesterday. GDAACC is looking forward to being part of it...
What are the successes of the past century that allow us to live longer lives?
Thank you, my dear!! :) I'm very chuffed for SECRETS and Miranda! xoxo
of course I follow :) ♥
My heart skips a beat w/ every new tweet on my timeline.
sure thing - price tag is a little staggering :)
Small fire at Belmont Race Track in barn 22. Fire was contained in office area and sprinkler system put out the fire. No injuries to horses.
Aw thank you =)
Just tapped, Brewing Total Domination IPA (replaces IPA)
R.I.P Spring Break . Free my nigga Summer ,He'll be out in June
Thanks for reaching out. Follow me back and I'll DM you my contact info.
I just ignore 2 calls
Lls You Stupid!
Like, Wade, Bron, (and sometimes Kobe) ooze sexiness. TD not so much. He looks like a gas attendant.
you too?!
Finished reading The Blind Side. Thoroughly enjoyed.
☼ Tis the most tender part of love each other to forgive. John Sheffiel
shut up u did
You do realize the authority will not give a single fuck about you.
wow, I have 101 followers, thank you everyone!
I wont lie - that ball rolling into the logo at the end is amazing...
here in Italy are the two in the morning so we'll see you tomorrow love you Hello to all!....
for true. But we the people are the beneficiaries.
On way to LAX for early AM flight to Roanoke, VA for Gender, Bodies & Technology conference w/ and
I won some battle of the bands contest here 3 years in a row
please give a hug for me to ur family!!!
johnwright238 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
To the shenanigans known as work, I'm done with you for the week!
MT : Your #resume & cover letter are marketing tools. Make your personal "commercial" snappy & eye-catching.
you know they better have or we're coming after them lol!
who doesn't?
Also goes to show that form and technique trump power. I'm not feeling all that strong today, and I've done snatches 3 days in a row.
Guess I'll go to bed now. Maddy won't be here til late. Ah, sleeping in.
you're welcome
Kyle Blades likes this. But is not sorry to Chi RT : Loves me some #brewcrew - cuck the fubs - Shorry Chicago
I should've just stayed home like I planned
Could it be??
Amen, Brother. Loving the book. Smelling like a best seller.
Always vote its your duty
...and Near Field Communication #NFC is about to be a must-have. HP should be at the edge of the darn hardware curve, not 1-2 years behind!
Tweeting from the beach...its Reggae in the Park this February 19th! 16801 Miramar Parkway â�¢ Miramar, FL
ah thak you! ill kill just for you!
I'm pretty sure our pizza could cure cancer.
who is going to shoot a full court shot when they need it? only time he gets off the bench
Happy Birthday <3 c:
#AZNPROM with my lovely date and all my fraaaaands!
We need a new leader in Washington DC ...
"I love when my bestie calls me to catch up on drama from my hometown #waitwhathappened?!" <----- so me and Haha
Happy mothers day :) ❤
Public Petitions Obama to Kill E-Parasite Act
“: Hear the new Scott Weiland solo song "Breathe" which will be on the Avengers" isn't he dead?
Hitting my BONG
Shipleys and Boy meets world
Info? RT : Getting some interesting inquiries about the Truth or Dare Speed Dating event on Mar 16. Will you be there?
A HUGE shout-out tonight to Mark Johnson, buyer specialist, on his first closing with Lake & City Homes Realty. Congratulations, Mark!!
Why would I be partying in a bra and fishnets 😳
thank u =]
... where a new installment must be released every 12 months, regardless of how good it is.
Thank you for bringing us Jersey Boys! What a treat!
- did the WSOP C TV deal get announced as of yet?
Ugh, let me go to England now.
be happy your poppy's in a better place. I know how you feel buddy, I lost my cousin this morning. She was too young to go.<|3
lol my guy
RT : Looking forward to interviewing for the next issue of UT Young Alumni MinUTe. Be on the look out for it in May!
and it's three different topics! We are kick ass!
Dont go broke trying to look rich.!
If she's looking me up and down with side eyes. You think that she wants me. GOOD MORNING.
why would I be?
Who all is dining at Haffner for their #bmcvisit today? I want to see what's on the menu/your plate!
list me follow me the re tweet this yeah
Don't settle with the person you can stand. Get together with your enemy and make things interesting;D
Congratulations Kim. Enjoy this Championship.
haha...too early in the morning for a fist fight?
's reaction to 's announcement: "This is truly a historic day for justice & equality in America."
Starving. Pizza or wrap ?
It's crazy to believe nearly all of us were brought up to worship Lincoln by our public schools.
already getting the shirts ready..."Fear The Fade"!
5 days of school, filled with exams and finals. #YEEE :( 
bout lost both 2 of my fingers at softball but its all cool :) #screamedbloodymurder you screamed louder
And just like that, we're open! Wonderful audience tonight.
I wish they'd quit lying to these ugly hoes, tellin' 'em they're cute, when they look like shit.
my first tweet was "gallons of whale semen"
Yeah, there's a costume contest. You see a lot of wedding dresses at the race. I'm thinking of going as Squidward.
Why do people have to make a simple task hard
Depends on what state you're in. Texas: will, bureaucratic states in Yankeeland: living trusts.
DJs, have you been to an awesome concert this break? Or, have you listened to a really good album!? You should write a review for our blog!!
You're only happy when it stains-! Sorry-couldn't resist Katie:D (at least MKE or even a Madison show - Butch V hometown-!)
hey thanks for following back... :)
We've Been Having Some Decent Weather Lately :) Can't Wait For The Summer !
#Avengers midnight showing!!!
A4: It is important to have people in your life who can sense when you need a break and tell you to take a vacation.
Today's special is the ULTIMATE CHICKEN SANDWICH! Cajun seasoned, w/ BBQ sauce, bacon, pepperjack! Comes w/ your choice of ultimate sides!
I think I'm a little bit. A little bit in love with you.
Bridesmaids start out strong but quickly went downhill. Don't understand all the love.
Special thanks to the Book Sale Publisher sponsor Wisconsin Energy Foundation!
It's always fun to have a sneeze attack right after putting on mascara.
Thank you... so sweet :) You're gorgeous yourself!
Seriously, people go to #Stagecoach?
what a loser
Celebrating International Coaching Week ~Multicultural Coach for his great work
Tantalum Chip Capacitors deliver high CV value.
I'll miss you Jarret Johnson & Cory Redding. Sincerely. But have fun not winning a Super Bowl.
I heart #SkyPriority. Your #LGA Terminal C team rocks!
Good Morning tho 😘
heading back to San Francisco
lets get married.
#SMSK tickets go on sale this Thursday at all area Wegman's... 6/9, 2 bands, Nola's. Come party wiht !!!
If we don't have enough to go to Phoenix this summer, I'll save up a bit more & fly somewhere to meet an ICONiac i love from twitter.(:
False alarm, Boy do I need coffee this morning!
Love is cursed by monogamy?
Yes sir RT : President Obama: "I will not walk away from the promise of clean energy."
Haha aw shuckksss. :D Thanks so much!
Hi I am still waiting for my bag and going to the desert 2moro. How do I get someone in Cairo to answer the phone?
M buffalo chicken dip for breakfast. Nuthin like a little heartburn to start the day...
Happy Birthday old man.....ha:)!!!
I know someone wanted my shift. Absolut for me
so tell me who are you going to take off of the all conference ODAC team...and remember its a combination of statistics..
People volunteer when it's about them, not when it's about you
Identification with an object or being is a result of constant thought and feeling flowing towards it. As you think so you become...
if I do, you must tune in!
in fact i am now unfollowing you.
Bring it! Though she's no Aimee Mann.
not just him.. the whole team. They are hitting the ball well
Seriously put on a lot of holiday weight.. wow.. if im not careful i'll go back to middle school weight.. ah!!
RT : Singers, Songwriters and MC's come out to The Mad Frog, 1 East McMillan Street, Cincinnati, Oh 45219 tonight and......
We had an awesome time playin for Kappa Sigma bid day party in Macon, GA. Thanks for coming out!
Mother, Momma, Mommy, Mama, Grandma, Granny, Grandmother, Sitty, Nannie...no matter what she is called, we will rise up and call her blessed
:D THINK YOULL LOVE IT SO MUCH! its on my neck
my teacher gave me till 4pm to email it to him so yeah i will have no social life at lunch
why would you sit your best player??
Wish You all very Happy New Year 2012. Have great success in 2012 and years to come.
All across the world, PMOs work to ground debate about parl efficacy in facts, often to MPs consternation
IKR! I have them so spoiled.
Katherine Jenkins going to DWTS finals. This could mean Driver is OUT.
you are more than welcome, my dear. God always knows the right things to say at the right time, huh? :)
Happy Mother's Day to our wonderful Shock moms!!!
Haha! Ben picking Courtney. I'm kind of glad he did tho. I think the other girls were too good for Ben. Especially the Aggie!!
#hirefriday Cbeyond•outside sales rep:base+commission-benefits-gas allowance #Atlanta #Boston #DC for info email
I did..I'm actually following him right now! Thanks, my favorite show is Dexter and I think I would be great in it hoping soon
Remember to pay it forward today.
Writers here today are in various fields including: English, Legal Studies, International Studies, Education and many Comm fields.
Cheers to Twitter/NTT--you came correct
Darn. I snoozed, and lost... “: Sold out? Well, there goes that idea...... Excellent news, btw.”
Congrats London! MT Proud to receive exclusive endorsement from Mark Croshier, retired CVPD detective and community activist!
Hap ppl
Happy Friday!!
One week until pitchers and catchers report to spring training! GO REDS!
Summer Jam is about to go H.A.M
But no druk talk tho...gonna get my dudes tatted
More like iSuck
I know what you mean. Painful !
Hoping for a stop in NY or MT We sold out DC in under 1 hr! Next up is Philly-Jan 23-world cafe
I know how to create clipping and layer masks in Photoshop now! Thanks, Training and Development program!
HERE WE GO BRUINS!!! THIS IS IT!
I fucking love The Who.
1 series down 3 to go. You guys are going to get 18 this year. Make more history tonight. Good Luck PP!
that would be nice to attend. Let me know how it go....
BIG THINGS POPPIN' AT KLUSOZ TONIGHT!!! THE PARTY JUST DON'T STOP!!!
Laugh :: today's goal.
The one where it's like "You're in a police car..." and you have to say 3 words. xD
he is 4-9 vs Harrison w/ a double and 2 homers. I expect big things from his upcoming at bat.
Hey everyone! Happy Holidays and I hope Santa runs out of coal to give after he stops at house
. Doesn't the rare ephemerality on the web have its own value for free expression though?
Have cooling or A/C questions? Send us a post or a DM for helpful answers from our team of the "coolest" experts in town.
Yes, but it has to go both ways too!
I'm pretty sure Peyton Manning reinjured his neck while shaking is head at the atrocity known as the Colts passing offense.
Phil dowd is useless
Nah, back here in NYC. The twitter challenge--what's that??
we do video. What's your budget?
Watching #AGT but I miss #TheVoice and the stuff says
- Dre bought the company today, hit him I guess
really fine hail in Noblesville coming down rapidly now
Shared joy is double joy, shared sorrow is half sorrow. Swedish Proverb
Happy birthday =P
Hello..there
we should re start up
Black Keys at Mesa Amphitheater! Miss :30Club though.
I need passwords!! Lol
cont.> - it's fun, full of great booths & an awesome way to network! Check us out in the WEST Pavilion!
Houston Dynamo kick off their season in a few minutes vs Chivas at 6 PM CT. With the new stadium opening in May this should be a great year!
Festival of Trees at The Paramount starts Nov. 27 at 9:30 with Children's Magical Toy Story Christmas. Tickets $5 at the box ofc.
My weekend starts today (YaY)
Oh it's not targeted: it's just part of the ongoing general cyberwar: China & the Arab world the continuing attackers.
": The call just came in from Stern."<-watch out, u may have 15k taken out of your pocket
Didn't know you were in Nashville. Tell Billy that Big Ed says howdy. He a good guy that Billy.
Love how he challenges the idea that only those who can think like a computer are good programmers.
Your habits determine your future. ~ Jack Canfield
Time to watch my Sex and the City
Church , The opening of my aunt's ice cream shop , & then quince practice !
Can you even touch the net?? LOL RT : Can't wait to dunk on & next time we hoop! LOL
Congrats again to all of our new finalists! Watch YOBI Live on Wednesday at 8 pm Eastern for your finalist feature! htt://yobi.tv/live
I'd like to pt out that has nearly finished TFIOS. In 1 hour. My gf is a speed-reading superhero & I NEED TO GIVE HER KLEENEX.
not to mention I couldn't find the stage door! Where the hell is it?
The Fatboy® doggielounge will become Radley's new best friend in no time!
Elizabeth Laime uploaded Have Fun With It!
Going to a Spanish speaking barber shop when I speak no Spanish
Declined my offers from Cambridge and Oxford today. It's official: we're going to Durham.
I'm watching Hockey. Go Caps! #misterhastheremote LOL
Had such a great day and I'm just so happy. Love my friends, love my life, love my family. Tomorrow is Opening Night, so good bye to you! ;)
Just gave my bby her stuff for her bday:) $35 gone to a good cause cuz its for her
Thanks for another fun day on the set!
hahaha... my actual name is so short that I can't register it as a Gmail account. p.s. thx for not hatin'
I'm watching a recording of on extreme makeover home edition wearing my #defeatthelabel shirt. This show is touching :)
Does anyone else find it really odd that the dude was hiding in a freakin' mansion? Completely ruins the perception that he was a hard ass.
I just got an EVP that made my stomach sick. Will post it shortly.
man that one I had was 2.49 but another one was 3 dollars for one fuckin little ass ball of cake that took them 10 cent to make
I want a pet okapi...since I can't have a unicorn.
Got training 9am-5pm this Saturday.
thanks, girl! I've never had the problem of deciding which show to go to out here. Haha. I miss you!
too late to join me?
hello, I'm the editor for High Glitz Lounge. Would love to feature you and your line of make-up
cannot put down the manuscript for the upcoming book by A great look into the silly - and drunken - days of old
Google Wave Dead to All Except Chrome Users
Certainly understandable. Love the idea though. Will be fun to follow
thanks for adding us to your web design companies list!
yes it is convenient, but as a type II diabetic, insulin is still a hassle :-)
Hi, Megan..you are good singer*__*
Suh-weet! is now on Twitter. 00 on his jersey, #1 if the hearts of
Can a young nigga get money anymore, tell PETA my mink is draggin on the floor likin "theraflu" by kanye
Craving Italian tonight at ! YUM! Thinking about doing the 3-course #Thanksgiving dinner next week...
I can't wait to write about this ordeal later in detail. It's rare to find a company botch handling a negative comment this bad.
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights– Traci Lords - Last Drag (Sted-E & Hybrid Heights Dub Remix)
I soon i get internet again and i dont have to use my phone to get on twitter i will follow my new followers back! That's a promise!
ohh yes Blake Charlie... Cutest name in the world<3
had a great presentation at #launch . I think everyone was really impressed!
Not enough space in 140 but... he was a profound, gifted scholar/communicator of the importance and meaning of story.
Follow for updates on all things #Indianapolis & to see our destination management skills at work!
i really want to go like REALLY bad i want to get front row and a meet and greet
I love travel guide books and all, but how on earth did people pre-plan trips before the Internet age?!
My cousin lives in staten island hes a homosexual we call him the staten island ferry -Zach G
I just booked treehouse for first time yesterday, staying there before cruise on the Dream this November...can't wait
wine > margaritas |||| cinco de wino
Thank you for fixing it cheers!!
I LOVE HER SO MUCH! SHE IS THE COOLEST COUSIN/BEST FRIEND I COULD ASK FOR. SHE IS AMAZING :) I LOVE HER
Breaking news, you guys! Hologram Tupac has been shot in front of a Magic Eye kiosk at the Fashion City Outlet Mall in Primm, NV!
Happy first day of classes Comets! Come see us at the Cometville Carnival today from 2:30-4:30!
Just watched #ForRicherOrPoorer. Totally loved it!!! Kudos to and the rest of the cast!!! :D
Sounds like a great day! I've had some good shopping days too!
Thanks for the follow! Looking forward to sharing ideas on here.
Hows it going? i understand you were tweeting too fast for those in your office.
Do you want to save your business money? Reviewing your telecoms is the easiest way to make instant savings! Get in touch: 0844 880 2010
I bet living in a nudist colony takes all the fun out of Halloween....
I put 100 bucks down that the Tarzan-washes-Leif clip is on this weeks show.
A Global Assault On Religious Liberty - AINA (press release)
You're a bad person, and I hate you. Don't have kids.
Exact same thing happened to me. You get it fixed yet?
BARACK THE VOTE
I would have sex with Melanie Iglesias, lesbian or not.
idk she went some were why wassup
you have to tweet the pic next time bro! Lmfao!
If you know a Restaurant or Bar owner let the Dudes know we have some cool stuff we can show them!
i was sad, i cried. lol
tweet me!:)
are you ready for #IfAllOfRochester? We'll be there from noon to 1:30 with author
your tweet about was funny. The sports teams you like, ehhh, not soo funny lol
I was thinking of becoming a vegetarian. There's no meat in beer right?
ik. I just dont see the point...
Another great night and another great song almost done at Joyride Studios in Chicago w/ Katie Scrantom & Brian Leach. Excited for this one.
If gays want to join the military and fight for this country, by all means let them. Current policy makes no sense in this day and age.
Figured out what happened on the first lap in Goodland... Tire went down.
is there a single person in North America who won't be watching Game 7?
Have a great weekend! Enjoy the first official weekend of fall! Bring on the pumpkin lattes, the leaves changing colors and the fresh air!
I hate #oomf so much.
go ask he knows the gossip xo
Thanks! Yeah, we see a lot of Ontario tags en route to Florida. Hope it was a fun trip!
I hate that oomf's mom hates me for no reason!
sounds good! U wanna meet in the game room then?
Its a Wonderful Life is just the best.
iTunes previews of #KarminHello songs on replay in preparation for next week! #CantWait :) PS - Happy B-Day Amy!!!
ah... That's true too
Omg guys Hannah is talking about why Liam is scared of spoons and she said you should e scared of your fingers. They can slip into your eyes
What's the Twitter horse curse?
Had Maury Povich been in Star Wars, we would have known who the father was a lot sooner
I should be studying, but not until tweets me back. (:
definitely as much to blame. And while nobody was there, they did have to deal with the ball.
I can be your new advisor if you'd like
Its Snowing!!! Lets think Spring.... What is your favorite piece from our spring line?
“: "South Detroit" line in "Don't Stop Believin" is 3 decades, not of "poetic license," but rather "poetic fraud" by Journey.”
tattooing, coors, haircuts, bob seger, dying phone ugh
Boston. You?
I have always depended on the kindness of strangers. ~ Tennessee Williams
That Monday was a kick in the teeth. Hopefully a run will make it better and not worse.
No wonder they don't want the tax system overhauled!
Zombie dreams are the best.
Au Bon Pain always teases me by putting a ton of hummus with only 4 cucumber slices. How do I eat the rest of the hummus? W/my FINGERS? OK.
I WILL get that hat back this weekend.... just FYI.
- Harder Than It Looks: Building Software That Actually Works at
At Liz's Sweet Sixteen! :)
Follow our lovely script supervisor
I really gotta stop with this hooker streak
You are rocking the final hours of the #EarthDay contest!
Blue union chairs to raise funds
Great photo shoot this morning and three more video clips edited.. Getting closer!!
I think King is a PR lackey for Eagles ---> RT : Browns get Jake instead of one of Phil's QBs. Cleveland hasn't solved QB prob
friday coming up
ooh - it's pretty! So shiney and new! Very nice b-day prize... :) May this be the start of a fabulous yr!
Bruises and scratches don't phase me.
That walk of shame when you fail at throwing a ball of paper into the trash bin...
Hello, flowers. Meet the Texas sun. Goodbye flowers.
I thick they want me in this shot! Im waiting then
u going to the chi?
Omggggz s prodigy is. SO freakkin sexy omg I love you prod love: ania aka the The Prods wiffy :) :)
thanks buddy!
Angelenos! Looking forward to seeing you tonight - reading from #PERLA at Traveler's Bookcase, 8375 West 3rd, LA, CA, 7 pm
Take shopping carts for the express purpose of filling them and stranding them at strategic locations
wat in the world! r u here?
WTF WHAT IF THEY CHOKE?!?!?!
lol you'll look funny I bet, but it's ok ;p
Well then I guess I will have to come and see you and get sloppy drunk! YAY!!! :D That will be a treat, LOL!!!
Extremely well said. Thank you!
hoping this weekend ends up being better than my week. got to see my brother which brightened my mood a lot.
Uh oh Larry Merchant Vs. Floyd Mayweather 2
paul krugman: good docs or good genes?
I hate #twitterspam. Can I get an #amen?
's Vic Johnson says "lipstick is optional" when advocating on the hill
Nice, slide! Shouldn't Leeland get the Girardi treatment for questioning calls & get tossed?
Capitalism is a failing concept with plenty of unwilling slaves ..
I got my Proverbs 31 lady and I thank God EVERYDAY for her!
“: Hey have u err had a conversation with ur self on twitter?”-- I don't even know what that means?!?!
I like what you do! <3
Hey Matt! I hope you're doing well since I haven't seen you on a while. Have a great summer!
It's #MonsterMonday. Get your #SWOL on!
We're running a great special right now- 50% off first THREE months for 10x20 drive-up units!
I can navigate Santa Fe pretty good now, but you can't think about it with cardinal directions.
You're on it :) I'll send you the product announcements from this am now
Almost went back to back, get him over get him in.
Now say my name is on. Go head mtv hits, i hear you
Firefox 11.0 for mac. Hope that's enough to be helpful...Didn't realize you had an active team working on QA!
#nahj11 Organization has run six-figure deficits for the last two years. Plans to "stop the bleeding."
Me too! Now if it could stay warm/hot long enough for me to wear them...
Retro look with mod specs. Be Cool. Just add Ray-Bans!
i thought i already folloed you! Lol
season starts march 3th come see mr lockdown him self #40 C
thanks man
can we PLEASE arrange our crepe party? i'll bring wine....lots of wine. haha
Cyberbully is so awfully hilarious
bored,bored,bored...
thanks for following us.
How stupid is the AD of UCLA to announce his first choice without any tentative agreement. 2nd place guy is leftover
And a surprise visit by mark wahlberg!
the internet is a procrastinatory place
Did he just cuss on the pulpit? Omw! I'm clutching my pearls.
someone telling lies!
the first band will be wrappin' up tomorrow this time!
Real nigguhs wake up at 9 in the morning to get shit done. Bumm nigguhs wake up at 12 to talk shit.
What kinda skills man? :P
They want me to do a keg stand... Hell no! Lol
Sense memories are usually the strongest memories you can have. What's a food that reminds you of another time?
Thank you again for your help and insight. I appreciate it every time!
Re: Roger Dennis quote - shouldn't dramtic program improvements in law school improve ROI? Not seeing much ROI in this market.
that's incredible!
im listening to the shins over and over again, this music is the best...love it
YOu're the kind of guy that makes me weak<3
seems like he needs 9,000 lbs of cement to put a basketball hoop in the ground.
Heck, even Bob Knight got recruits out of Chicago, despite refusing to do business w/ most Chicago HS coaches
Enchiladas for dinner <3
the Pauly d project is boring haha
Need a ride from Heinz Lofts to Renaissance hotel across the river from PNC Park
The average asking price for industrial properties in the metro area was $35.77 per square foot for the month. This shows a drop of 5.3% ye…
OMG, tell that to my editor, And thank you! If you read LGLA be sure to tell me your thoughts.
We can help you with that Tampico! ;) RT i want nah i need some fanice, chocomilo, kingsbite chocolate, tampico
Britney Is Our Hot Mama trending! We love you ! :D
lol, that sucks
#SIB as a new way of addressing chronic homelessness? Let's find a way to take solutions to scale. Risk, innovation, outcomes, partnerships.
Family gatherings= talks about colleges
OH: This is a lot of outer borough activity for me.
Ciroc might as well be water as smooth as it goes down.
I JUST NEED YOU NOW. ♥
Thanks Kevin.
Adams: The VA doesn't need to get me any address information. Was lucky to get ZIP code data
But , the opossum dung added such country charm to your garden!
Turned 21 without even a hangover to show for it :)
Did anyone check out yesterday?
What is this amazing place?
woops that link looks off. you'll figure it out. xo.
The CONSOL Energy Center Scoreboard weighs 35 tons.
I just made some chocolate vanilla swirl cookies, maybe you could use those..
A city mourns. RT : Also, we are not being cancelled.
Thank you for your support!!
thank you for the RT!!
Free comic book day!
Trying hard to stop watching The Bachelor....with little success.
grow tf up.
Our first Brady Street #foodtour of 2012 is off and running - join us next Saturday if you missed today's tour!
thanks! Congrats on the new job, p.s!
Boy & Girl names: Dilinger (bang-bang) & Diligence. Wonder if they have a big brother called Dildo?
Has everyone signed up for next Thursday's Young Milwaukee Holiday Gala? ITS FOR THE KIDS!!!
What a twisted world we live in...
i have over 20 friends.
Finally done, feeling a rant coming on.
Do it with me tomorrow :) We can be stuck together ;) x
"Trendy" has never described me, and I have no desire to change that. #CardCarryingContrarianTweets ;-)
thank u!
Welcome Lee. Please sit down.
It is feasible for there to be a dance with life, a imaginative response to its innate limits and problems.
bridesmaid dresses
Milwaukee is crazy but i love it!
Remote Conductor is currently featured in the New and Noteworthy section (Top Overall) on the iPad App Store for all major markets!
I finally understand all the Hunger Games buzz
Should I be insulted I wasn't asked to participate in the Kennedy Center Honors tribute to Meryl Streep? Also, can someone DVR it for me??
Talking to this faag(;
do I sense sarcasm or the tone of a true journalist?
This has been the longest 20 mins of my life. C'mon United!!!!
Is it FB official yet?
Full & sleepy now
John Kao and Jim Collins at ASTD discuss discipline and innovation on keys to success
Omg!!! Got some letters from admirers #agent office.... I think it was for kiele Sanchez #theGlades lol!!!
#3WordsForYou Kiss My Ass.
we leave for two minutes and you guys start doing the fun stuff
love your music
Welcome! See you in the library! RT Orientation 2011 starts tomorrow! Looking forward to meeting some new transfer students
Thanks to Matthew Dwyer for backing Gears!
No. All of them are amazing. ♥
Rumor has it over 81,000 people were at the #SpringGame last weekend! Were you there? Tweet us some pics.
did the cab driver charge u for the extra in the cab? Lol
Glad you enjoyed the photo! We'd love to spend a week or two in ABQ - so much good stuff there!
homework strikes if you get three you get a detention! I think it actually was middle school
Is it just me or can't you block people from following you anymore? I would like to know what the deal is.
Good lookin' out JP. Thanks! They can take away our football, but they'll never take away our candy.
Open invitation anytime!!
": Today is Good Friday. Remember Christ demonstrated His unconditional love for mankind by dying on a cross. #ThankYouJesus":)
true true
Dont look at my last RT , you will be scarred for life
Nothing brightens my rainy day more that check out some your amazing mentions! You guys rock
Agreed! Thanks, everyone. RT : RT : Sunday Parkways Volunteers are the BEST! Thank you.
: Found a box of what in your room???
My first tweet from my new phone; how exciting! Well, exciting for me at least...I think I need to get a life!
needs a roommate. Must be clean, quiet & willing to let use your crapper. No pets. Ghosts O.K.
The ability to filter out individuals on the fly (bots, for example) & create ad hoc groups (visualy)
de nada inbox
DAMN TELL HIM... or Her.
ugh I'm sorry. I'm just gonna stop all together than 
Tomorrow's the birthday of the Waterfi Waterproofed ipod which means Birthday Sale! August 16th only $15 of Shuffle's, $20 off Swim Systems
Every1 follow and check out his new song: Take Flight ! #>legit
Anonymous Goes After World Governments in Wake of Anti-SOPA Protests
This year has been quite a handful with all the ups and downs, but there is a plan and purpose to everything.
#IfWeAreInARelationship , You Better Stay Faithful.
Hahahah that's perfect for you!!!! YMCA is your jam!!!
hahahahaha well i dont hate you at all i like other but mostly madison lols
Chicagolicious now really??? wonder if they'll do a Texaslicious too.
Seems like a good time to shamelessly promote... www.keycommittee.com if you like free music by some good folks!
I recommend for 's Essential Startup Tools list because you can create a complete financial model in a couple hours
That's a ganglionic cyst. I had one, too!
ha. i guess we should all just listen to the shamans:). see you in a bit.
I would wear my #Giveaway to all of the fun summer parties and weddings on my schedule!
Why do people like peanut butter?? Yuck!! -_-
Um the big sign at work fell down from the building. There's amatos in the snow now
Minnie get a dress and bloomers and Daisy just gets a shirt? Mickey gets pants, donald gets a shirt.
*You Know* that will happen Josh! ... I will come! ... and probably drag Kenji with me! LOL!
There was an episode of Cheers where Cliff and Frasier wanted to fight, but they sat down and made rules. That is what would...
Can't wait, can't wait!
prove them wrong!
MT “: Independent bookseller, will you be my Valentine?” hear, hear
Tweet me <333
I really hope we aren't disappointed. Apple stock was down less than a point despite Jobs resignation. False encouragement?
Good morning! Be the change you seek in the world-Gandhi
OK, the red carpet pool league is happening next year so I can rock my picks for the Ind Spirit Awards!
i'm tired like a zombie-person.
Speaking to Junior & Senior Sports Management Majors at Flagler College in St Augustine, FL this morning.
I guess when it comes to my sports teams I should just learn that disappointment is inevitable Winterhawks down 2 at the end of 1
right now i can honestly say i can't find one thing wrong with my life worth changing...
Cool! Which work? Glad to hear it's making its way into T101.
Olivia Serie V Torpedo 6x56 is a fine smoke.
My art: I limit my ability to determine results so I may only play freely within given sets of options. It's like life just deliberately so.
Looks like someone got a hold of my SideWinder email account. I have updated the security on it. Sorry if anyone got Spammed.
Ohh yea!! :D RT got my Tampico juice &bag of chips ..
Packing...Heading home in a few :-(
haha thanks buddy! that's what we're talking about
I love so damn much. she's my fave. ok. we're
Have you #usability tested your on #mobile devices? Boxes are read from left to right. Wide middle focus column gets buried.
On The Phone With My Lyssa Poo! :)
What must I do to make these cramps end? Follow Miracle Whip on Twitter? I'll do ANYTHING now!!!
I've been faded too long.
Kinda wish Ice-T let Mooseman sing more often.
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day!
I might as well call you Google, because you have everything that I am looking for.
Now y'all OKC fans. I see
U.S. Marshals Service says Denny Hecker’s custody status has changed and for security reasons they will not comment on his whereabouts.
Sprinkling over here west side #ABQ, 7BarLoop.
Everyday is a day ON! Preperation and planning is key to making a diet successful:
Football & potty training al day
RT : Karma's only a bitch if you are.....
Hey , can't wait to see you next week.
RT : Home Speed Cleaning Tips & Clutter Control. An Organized & Happy Home. 100% Guaranteed! (Paperback): Discover th......
Just fuckin live life!
another good video u never fall short
The only real failure in life is one not learned from. -Anthony J. D'Angelo
Its funny how a country concert is such a cute girl magnet. I thank you Eric.
As a rule, I am very careful to be shallow and conventional where depth and originality are wasted. ~ Lucy Maud Montgomery
#GrinDKinGz New Orleans based & Arkansas based wit projects coming soon
I followed you :) xx
Got up this morning,,,looked out the window,,saw no terrorists or tanks in street. The government must have done it's job during the night!
what makes you think he's had sex yet?
San Diego says Thanks for Poised Creation!
Reading ramona and beezus to the kid. I think now she understands why I named our dog Beatrice.
In the end, I'm just a fucked up kid.
madison I'm leaving the states today /: heading back to Canada): but hopefully I'll meet you some day?? #BoyzHitCanada ?c,:
So i filled out my ncaa lax brackett today ND vs Johns Hopkins in the final. Irish bring home the hardware #believe it
some stuff I'm reading from others with similar errors suggest that the owner of the file is not right or the path may be wrong
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee-dee [while jumpin off the Titanic]
Vince Young
I confirmed that you do in fact rank #1 on Google for your first name :) Great to hang out with you in San Diego!
TONIGHT no love? relationship expert Rabbi Sherre Hirsch gonna fix that on my show 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
watching Conan O'Brien =)
thank you! :D
DRS rules. The bane of my existence.
I love
You know llama has two l's
please follow ! its JADEN SMITHS FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY ! GO FOLLOW & ENCOURAGE YOUR FOLLOWERS TO DO THE SAME! XOX
Now when I call she tryina be my damn friend talm bout sum aw gee this yo number) (yes bitch it surely is)
<<<< how could I not follow this?
COMMENT if you made a few memories this weekend...LIKE if you could never tell what happened to your parents.
OH MY GOSH! That has got to be the cutest puppy ever. What breed? A spaniel?
Jealous of your lunch!!!
Worried about Friends in Nashville.. Praying for u guys!! stay safe...
Was just coming home. And what a day to be here! Beautiful!
Cena back to the jean shorts???? smh
Indeed they are. And one less follower- me.
Christian's are annoying.
Busy evening tonight, five hundred words written for the story/game, check us out at www.d3xsoft.com donate what you can for a great cause!
chances of uchellos very high
#NowPlaying Willie Nelson – The Scientist on
In truth? My text WAS a little pissy - but I had emphasized my need for her to be on time that night, asked her to come early.
butler is playing smash-mouth b-ball. playing defense, hustling and making outside shots so far
thanks for the follow! With over 30 years experience..let the Mattrezzz Guys help you select your new mattress! Or furniture!
duly noted? :)
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself
Congratulations on getting a job! Can't wait for you to move to KC!
Increasingly, companies are using an MBA to qualify employees when considering them for advancement.
It's just 3 days... It's just 3 days...
Opened for 15k with JJ guy ships all ini tank fold he shows QQ.
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
your welcome & please follow me back? (:
Dealing with Verizon and TiVo today made me realize again how terrific Apple's fully integrated products are.
#Trattoriavalleditria in Highland Park, IL was really yummy. Hard to go w young family, however.
done done and done
Hey Robin, I am in Minnesota, just saw your tweet.
except me
I always embrace local business, thanks for the follow. Let me know if you need
If you walk in front of my car in the middle of the road, I will not hesitate to hit you
Never thought I would actually get pissed watching womens soccer...until today
PLEASE follow me!!!(:
Thx : Ctr for Urban Future found 20% of Pratt/Parsons/SVA grads started new businesses, far more than NYC’s top science orgs.
Old school hip-hop >>>>> the real shitt:)
They were toffee and chocolate chip. So good !
...but the test pressing is not on swirl vinyl.
to marry julie you have to get in line jk hahah ;)
All Of A Sudden Bitches Wanna Be The Little Mermaid. Calm Your Ass Down
Closing Time will be tailgating at the University of Michigan for the football game!! Come find us and we will give you a free sample ;)
If it helps I always thought of you more as the Twitter version of Norman Bates for the way you talk about your Grandma.
You go, John!
DO N ALOT OF THINKING..... splash!
I wish I could drive
Who is to say who's ugly and who's not?
Two more weeks of classes, a short break while trying to fight my writers block, then off to the next project
Happy New Year! I hope it's turning out to be a happy 2012!
#CV council accepts report from exec compensation review commission (which found in general that CV execs are fairly compensated).
a broken record
and I'm not working, so literally not doing shit for days haha
LSU QB change coming. Jefferson will move to defensive back
Engaging, dynamic programs and success support growth of within communities. Show the data!
Chi Town Come & Check Out My Nigga, Ya Girls Favorite Rapper & The #CloudGang Sunday Night Rip The Mic
First exciting announcement: We have a new rockin' drummer Bethany Palkie!!! :)
i've decided i'm going to treat #rawconf like the 25 days 'til christmas -- tweeting about #rawconf at least once a day until march 24!!
same happens to me! Tilted me pretty hard
omg I know and the song I was just like why u soo cute
Eerily quiet on tv. Sounds like a golf tournament.
Watching "Red Sox in 2" and feel cheated they edited out two innings of Justin Verlander pitching.
Everybody Is Talking About Height Now , Lol .
If these fools are dogs then call me the animal abuser :) haha
The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life.
Like a gun slinger!
New: Foie Gras Oysters sauteed, with quail egg sunny side up and a white truffle balsamic reduction.
Good question! That better make the radio broadcast RT : Could you jump rope like this back in your day?
I don't think I Am the Walrus is good on any mix to be honest. It just throws everything off. Too many theme songs too.
The princess bride
God is truly amazing! Just when I thought things were fallin apart He showed me that people do believe in me and support me.
Steimer in the house...
thanks. Taking train down and going to zoo for meet-n-greet with a tiger. Thinking of staying near Redding Term Market
I know API calls are limited to 150 calls per hr per account. Not sure about IP though, so you sure about that?
i'm honored i could be here for you! :)
Well it's official, I'm a grad student :)
TY so much for the follow! I'm a huge fan of the show! :-)
Suck it up, Bubba!
Good morning everyone! Beautiful day in NYC. Hope you all have a great weekend filled with many great cocktail choices!
It's a clear and beautiful night. Check out Mars, Venus, and Jupiter!
what's up with these woman with stevie wonder hair lines lol
You can see that the Grizzlies have way more playoff experience then the Clippers. Very evident early.
cheer loud and eat some banditos for me
I'm talking hologram duets with myself
Ovi making me look good, just called him the best athlete playing any sport in the world right now on Melbourne sports radio
Monday night I'm going to the Parker Quartet. Want to meet up after the concert for a glass of vino?
“: These 40% less fat potato chips are pretty good but they could use about 40% more fat. (via )”
Nice. Now you have to start songwriting.
To insure good health: Eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness & maintain an interest in life ~ William Londen
I Love You too!
showtime on demand has it
"infamous"? I think not!
I smell the steak cooking at ALC. m. I love meat.
I love it when my brother randomly comes home :))
Busy and productive! Awesome!
Old guy with a mullet
Happy Friday everyone!!! How are you starting your weekend?
Impossible for me is not giving back to what I once helped tear apart and destroy.
Alright, Bye. See ya never .
I bet is out partying as I do flashcards for his class. #cool :)
Thanks for the suggestion!
No! I found The Brucie Boggs!!!
I'm going try. I've been good since my surgery. This will either go bad or be good.
Golf master!
As agency owner, cc$ is 4 writing multiple voices after O+1 (1 wit/2 attys). Production $ are nominal, esp paperless.(?)
On my way to work
beef jerky, trail mix and egg mcmuffins
": Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.".
This kinda shit is WHY you're my favorite!<3
Walker doesn't have a problem with facts. Walker doesn't shade the truth. Walker doesn't paint rosy scenarios. He lies to save himself.
I think my subjects are just naturally small -- rooms, people, words. perhaps this will keep me relatively unproduced.
Had to log into the company twitter real quick :p
The A's sign Manny Ramirez, which proves that Jonah Hill is ACTUALLY running their team now.
I didn't even know there was a massive storm!? Jeez I hope everything is alright now that sounded bad.
Lolla lineup looks amazing as usual. The big headliners are kind of meh for me though. Cool to see but not that excited.
Hey Ma, what's good?
Give em a follow
I wasn't going to. All it was gonna say was "God forgives, Kentucky doesn't. #BeatIndiana #BBN"
because its 2012 hahaha. Better see you soon!
Happy #AprilFools everyone!
last episode of 20khz ("hot ass beat clap") with Nate streaming now on WZBC!
Where's your car?
Thanks! We are very excited. It's our favorite city. Now, I just need to finish my project, sell house, move, etc...
We are kickin off a new series tomorrow night.. JESUS >____... 5&7pm..
i like singing My Funny Valentine and Stars from Les Miserables. I Think those are my favorites to sing.
Nooschi: Mission Chinese Food, San Francisco
Take it to the head'
It's hard out here for a pimp!
you need a picture on here! :P
I have everyday
You post statuses saying your single, in my eyes your still mine.
Haha I'd die without my tv! that's too funny. Xoxo
sure you are at the gym?
I miss middle school
president Ted Black on the "Winter Classic": "I'd love to bring the Winter Classic back. I've talked to the league about it."
Word. RT : The children have headed to for a tour. I've never heard such amazing silence in my entire life.
"If they tried to censor my music, it'd be like Egypt turning off the internet. "
#adele is the shit... Hitting them notes without a strain!
there's 1 other girl he always talks 2
I actually thought the senior prank was hilarious Millard North slays (:
Tweet live from hookah nights :)
Thanks to our new followers #FF LeighaMaerz6514, , ,,,,
==>U Can Tell Black PPL Started Getting They Taxes.... **THE LINE AT "METRO PCS" IS AROUND THE CORNER**
hahaha well I didn't the first time 😜
Poll: What animal is that on Dylan's head? A. Squirrel B. Possum C. Raccoon
Nice! Getting excited. :)
agreed. RT : it must be collaborative so not just the e-patients research but input from both
Now you hear what I hear...=)
yes, exactly
Good thing Vancouver weather is no-polar! Lol
Yep yep im up, slept early now can't go back to sleep..oh well,
I love how you fucking tell me what I'm doing today. It's my life!
#NP: Smash into you.
Congrats! What are you going to get?
I see your future... you eat ass and die?
I just used one of my "T" tags today. They are so pretty! I wanted to save them but I couldn't resist! Thank you again! :)
awe 😱 missed you too !
U never a product of ur environment
Traverse City Attractions: Northern Michigan Summer Vacation Ideas: Traverse City Attractions: Just in time for summer, National Geog...
RT : "it's never too late to begin."
Recently I'm torn between a cocktail of sherry and sweet vermouth (an Adonis) vs. a negroni with cynar.
He looks a lot like the Priceline guy.
its quitting time!!!!
Why would you even say that?
Hoodie over jacket over thermal.
NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY :)
Sooner or later I will be on Glee. World watch out.
Feeling really good after my morning run. I've been missing this feeling. Hope my body holds up to regular running now. Wish me luck!
Excellent use of hashtaggery.
One of the best features of Google's Ngram UI is the simple way it lets people share their ngrams via URL.
Let's go WI badgers vs. Syracuse. We want to go to the elite 8!!!
here come the haters,
I love how HubSpot is integrated with Salesforce, says Mat
I wanna watch! >.>
well geez! This is silly! Hope you're enjoying the Louie's!
I spent 3 hours outside Best Buy last night and all I got was a $39 Blu-ray player. Never doing that again!!
come to think of it..I'm so over you..good thing for that. (:
I don't know, maybe I try too hard..
My Boss wins the Martyr of the Year award: "I have to come in. I can't leave my staff in the dark". Umm, isn't that what you normally do?
CONGRATS JUSTIN !!!! We are young but We can #makeachange , #muchlove , #beliebers (:
Looking for some talented people in a Client Engagement type of role. Part Consulting and Part Sales focused on CRM, eCommerce, collaborat…
The thick and juicy Nacio Puente will be in your hands soon. Prey for Blessing. Book 4 of The Embellish Saga coming August 2012.
Heading over to the #emerge2012ASU kickoff.
please follow me? It would make my day<3
After this Ap bio final tomorrow morning, the BIGGEST weight will be lifted off my shoulders...
Thx to the end of #prohibition we can drink them in plain sight! RT : Sun King, Three Floyd's, Flat 12, Harrison Whiskey
I'd have to kill you if you were a zombie. What you going to school for?
Operation Patriot at Charlotte Beach look amazing with 343 flags. Cold Cross Creek starts around 2!!!!
A new way needs to develop that reminds us how precious life is.
Finna unfollow all the people who haven't follow me bacc
i'm a new gospel rap artist...how can I get send y'all my music or do interviews...etc...
So #Knicks fans ... are you going to be ok with getting #Mayo instead of #Carmelo? Will that spark a rivalry if Melo goes to the #Nets?
we should put our cellphone up at 7 40 to see where we each are. Lol
Anytime. Im looking for a creative writing arch-nemesis. How do you feel about spandex and capes? Skeptical about the arms2
Looks like I'm going back to Staples Center Monday night...
Why are my eyes so heavy? What is this nonsense? 
Sometimes, we just don't learn enough about what we are attempting to realize.
I'm my highest when the music is playing.....
MIami Improv workin out doin 2 shows with my man GODFREY he packed this place and is on stage rippen it as we speak!!!!
Oh my! I'm shocked! They have FOOD in CVS!
yeah, I looked it up. She's black. And the zombies she has on chains is her dad and her bf.
All I want for my birthday is a full size, movie quality, chewbacca costume. Or a RT from a famous person. Either would make my day.
Hell yeah! Bring back the Seattle SuperSonics, all the great free agents out there can sign to them
Perfect time to get away.
Getting ready for work.....TYJ
even better I've been following you since you didnt even have a twitter(;
#ThingsOnMyMind Probably better than the things on your mind
Heading out for a weekend trip? Get your oil changed & car ready first. Don't even leave the office - we'll come to you!
"You think i lost the best.. When i could do better in the first place(; Thanks" He broke up with mee.
Memo to the fellas: Strap up or pull out. Memo to the ladies: Ensure that these men Strap up or pull out
See first that the design is wise and just; that ascertained, pursue it resolutely. -William Shakespeare
Ready to finally read Stieg Larsson's books
Has it always been lit? I walk my fair share around this city at night and have NEVER noticed it before!
Hey you should go punch your sister 15 times since only 2 people punched her today
I'd be in; I totally see why playing is fun (esp. w/Romo). Maybe you 2 need to teach me why watching is fun...
I need a new wardrobe..
Dear 2012 gm's doing draft see M Williams this draft is full of them ok players but no superstars or players to uplift a team
Sixth Suggestion, Pick an evening or rainy Saturday afternoon where you can spend two hours together watching a movie or cuddling together.
Rickety Henderson ladies and gentlemen!
Oh well yea theu don't really sing the same songs
I tried really hard to vote today. It just didn't work out.
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will speak @ 4:45PM session on collaboratively communicating via international gateways
I'm a terrible Lady Pope. Had no idea they were playing tonight. But yay Popes!
almost all my near friends are Mahomies, and then I have a fan site on FB for the Danish Mahomies. There's about 245 likes (:
So sick of politics and we've only just begun.
"Facebook? What's that all about? Sounds promising, though." - random man at subway
#peoplelikeus will not get forward if we keep holding each other back childs...
Haze and red berry on deck for tommor night 😏
watching brides maids with momma bear. c:
Frances: the 3 most important words in indexing? "it all depends" hahaha.
The song from the movie 1408 just came on the radio. I'm fucked : /
fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, your cool, and fuck you im out!
I hate nosey people <.<
Did you see the FLOTUS carrying your Target bag in the Vogue top 10 list? I have the same one!
Successfully completed my first week of Baron Baptiste's 40 Day program. :-)
all ya gotsta do is think about chachi and watch her youtube videos <3
just got a gift. Ask her what it is.
Laid my grandma to rest today. Sucks to say but atleast she's in a better place and no longer suffering.
Except around Halloween, and only if it's used by someone in a ghost costume.
I believe I have a shit ton at my house. hahah Jacob does. c:
#Loser - The People don't want someone with a record of lies, leadership failures and corporate puppetry
needs a job!
Still getting over having to miss DAMSELS IN DISTRESS this morning.
this episode is making me extremely happy honestly brittney is hilarious and for real I think beast can take cooter.
Can't go wrong with the basics
Girl you need help. Save yourself.
Love how positive all the contestants who lose the battle rounds are on
Not recently, I think I scared em all off lol!
Oh how your finds never disappoint me! Would love to grab coffee soon & catch up!
Dougco spokeswoman says evidence seized from #Birdman 's home will go to FBI computer forensics lab in Denver
OMG overtime ..... What an exciting game?!
lol. Maybe, depends on your reference point I suppose lol. It makes me happy.
“You change for two reasons. Either you learn enough that you want to or you’ve been hurt enough that you have to.”
Anyone from Dallas who's interested in Moonrise Kingdom free passes? Screening is next Wed, May 23. Let me know! :)
Can't wait for the grand opening of BUTTERFLY at Chateau Nightclub & Gardens...... =)
Writing a lecture on tax evasion in antiquity. I'd like a revision of idiom: One thing is sure, death, taxes, AND attempts to evade both.
we could still make it work!
WIT ER.
Bored as hell need to find somethin to do
I'm so over XAML...
Zach does have anything done for prom this bullshit....why would u wait to do this.....
:) definitely, keep loving everyone around you :)
I'd be more interested if they filled em with booze
The new Gossip album fa sho!
Event venues looking to provide mobile apps to clients (weddings, etc.) email me & I'll send you 2 pg PDF w/details
The crisis is NOT #socialsecurity as but the private investment system says Dr. Carroll Estes
Happy Birthday to my brother Daniel!:)
best. gift. ever.
4 points looks like 4 billion right about now.
My kids love playing on my apps! Any educational ones that you recommend?
The reaction people have when i say i dont smoke >> lmao yeah people like me still exsist.
About to take the stage @ GIG ON THE STRIP and make a "shout out" to Ruben Garcia, owner of this unique listening room. *<];•}$ SCOTT
I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet.
thanks for the follow! Great meeting this morning exploring ways that and can partner in 2012.
I met a lot of fans at the signing tho.*
vegan?!?!?! No cheese either? Wow, your my hero. I can do the soy protein but no cheese?
someone was trying to do a wave on opening day. You could have schooled them.
every one play bioshock 2 for ps3 or xbox 360 it a 9.5 out of 10 on the rateing scale
Martin Scorsese's Casting Office is back w/ Meghan Rafferty Thursday, 3/31/11. She looks for all types for upcoming projects!
've been to Raleigh 3 times. A magnificant place with much to do and see. Lovely people. I think this is a karmatic home.
RT : "Even the Stars Look Lonesome" by Maya Angelou. Poetic essays/meditations on identity, history and voice as an Af-Am woman.
does that mean you would like me to tweet something? If so, hello! I hope you like your new phone :D
Definitely gotta pt test tomorrow man
When writing essays I still print them out and edit by hand. Am I dating myself already?
And the #ChicagoCause 2011 winner is.... ! Congrats and congrats to all finalists!
#sdmayornp Lewis: voluntary payments instead of taxes? Dumanis, Filner, Fletcher, DeMaio all say no.
now its only 15min!! Woohooo happy early birthday!! love you lots!! xx
thanks! mighty kind of you to say!
- yea? So your avi .... Who do you model for? Lmao.
Playing Kingdom Hearts.
Thanks Roomie! Still not sure exactly how to use this thing, i feel like a Grandma whose grandchildren set up her twitter.
what's up with #Marriot? I haven't heard from yo in fo'ever!
Today is Small Business Saturday! Everyone please get out & Shop Small today & support local Austin businesses. Let's keep Austin local!
Good morning!!!
Ordered a new phone. Tracfone has a model with a touchscreen! I'm joining the 21st century.
Did you hear about the next #DCDrinkUp? 6P on Leap Day (Wed) at We The Pizza then leap in front of the Capitol & other DC icons!
time for
I was absent from life last night A migraine ended my insomnia in spectacular fashion: I finally slept... for 10.5 hours.
Incredible night with friends!! It's far from over here at Tap Exchange. Ran into good 'ole Ed Ibarra and my taste buds are still fresh.
LET US PROCLAAAAIMMMM THE MYSTERY OF FAAAAIIIIITHHHH
Quite a succinct and unassuming tweet...
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT - Film Awards and the latest and greatest of our student films! Doors open at 6pm SDSU Powell Theatre 5/19 ttf.sdsu.edu
Game over!! Pack never showed up. Come on Bucky!! Pull one out!
Wide awake, brewing coffee. Studying for my human anatomy exam, got to do this! Come on you can do this!!
Anyone else out there love this time of year? Fall, with the leaves coming down and the slight chill in the air. And Football!!!!
Ur personal #coachella Forecast: Fri: Very windy w/showers, 71. Sat: Mostly sunny breezy & mild, 69. Sun: Sunny, 79! RT? :o)
The FHS Powercats take the PTC Design Award at the UT Tyler FTC Qualifying Tournament!
should have bought a droid!!
Way to pay attention West Virgina!! Stand up and make it happen!
cut off their arms
Josh Rife score for off Oliviero assist, cuts lead to 6-4
Mass Effect 3 N7 Bounty Weekend - Operation Exorcist beaten on gold against geth cant wait to get my pack
be honest RT if you think im pretty cause i dont. :(
Work work and more work!
Current Analysis #CTIA Roundup webinar - On the device side no major announcements were made.
"Superficial Glitter" is my new band name.
agreed but you know Dolan is about to over pay Lin & expect him to start because of the revenue he brings in.
Doing great. Working in the wee hours of the morning. Its when I'm the most productive :)
"My religion, what I believe in, is called the Constitution of the United States of America." Myers (#RyanGosling)
I'm pretty sure Lebron James just opened up the 2nd half with trademarked move...
RT : Don't try to save me, is someone else callin' you baby. -Luke Bryan
Per , #Packers have brought in local #GEEBZ players Drew Nowak and Drew Vanderlin for work outs! Awesome to see!
I'm doing pretty good and yourself?
RT #FF These cats I met last night.
Getting my vote on
Just wakin' up about to get brunch going... well really breakfast... or is it brunch.. Watever... Pancakes, Scrambled eggs, w/ Turkey Bacon
RT araciiiiiiiii!!!!! My fav singer of all time...Thx Riley...greatly apprciated!!! Fav producer of all time too!
The early bird gets the worm
he doesn't even deserve a tweet right now.
Two more days until the weekend. Can't wait!
Ordered VIP tix to Big 4 today as part of MetClub travel package. Not only will b close to stage but also spending extra day at nice resort.
that'll b dope.. and film it.. include a dvd
CEO David Dundas on #entrepreneurship: "do it for the love of the game"
I love Dor, but I was looking forward to my boys on the reissue. They better not change the DVD. Tyler & all the other boys better be on it.
are you gonna be having any concerts in little rock any time soon? :-)
Again, if you re-tweet someone, and they're not following you, and you have a substantive comment, they won't see it, right?
RT “: RT : I'm telling you... "don't fuck w me mayne" <-- (Tony Montana voice)<---Hahaha your a fool”
:) Followed ya! xx
that's a really good analogy + a really funny movie.
: Dig yo style. MT Updated data series on Aging. MN median age=37.4. Much wiser than young & foolish US population (mdn age 37.2)
okay you really need to do a seminar with our people & teach that a deal can be negotiated! love barbara, but not good!
Lmfao. Craigslist tho. RT": It's Hard Finding True Love on Craigslist..."
They must be on drugs
no problem :)
stop going to cost cutters, simon ;)
Capa party here i come lol
I can see why people pay us NO attention. We have no songs they can listen to personally ! But TRUST && BELIEVE that IS gonna change.
So I would like to thank all the good men out there who are honest and kind to their women, they deserve it! 
RT : We're having another trickle-down recovery with too few jobs. Obama said trickle-down has never worked. Need gusher-up
RT : Just got done with a great interview with & Thx fit having me yall
Muchas Gracias:-) MERRY CHRISTMAS & A GREAT NEW YEAR!!!!!!!!!
That was a poor mistake by Terry, but he didn't appear to hit him very hard... Alexis went down very easily.
About to head to American deli for these phillies ^.^..but first I need gas -__-
I just added everything to my igoogle and set it as my home page. You have inspired me!
Drives me crazy that never have it together when it comes to events/promos.. 2 dates listed as the Autograph day in July
<Insert Awesome Sentance about being AWESOME>
Ugh! Delayed at Midway Get me home to NY!!
thanx for the tip!!!!
thank you God for that which you have brought into my life and for that which you have so gladly taken away. AMEN...
Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones! Game of Thrones!
#followmekianlawley you know you want too....
It's a side effect of a great weekend!
the new facebook api is good, but the first version wasn't very good. I love that you can quickly find out someone's likes.
Yo mama nose so big she makes Pinochio look like a cat!
The creative soul wants to share....let it express and others will be glad.
love you and your music
oh my god i havent been on here in forever
am i missing something?
Many of the licensing entities - perfect e.g. Calif. & Florida Bar Examiners, outright discriminate against disabled people
Where you going? Crazy! Wanna come?
the look on the girl's face next to me in the library when she heard the man on the PA system=priceless
ha ha well you never lnow
O Coffee, precious black liquid, to which I am addicted, you help me face my kindred, keep me focused and committed, even as I sip it
Sad people who lack confidence are happy to spend lots of money to make themselves feel more beautiful or worthy.
Football Manger is so addictive. I love it.
Shout out to my #Msmeca12 social networking session
thanks for the follow :)
Learning how to enjoy the #Journey is as important as working hard to get to the destination.
im just now leaving wolfchase lol
If he don't come home with that tv im gonna slap him lol
Preparing my written comments for the next HHS meeting on the allocation of ARRA funding to comparative effectiveness.
Sure! Sounds interesting.
Ha!I didn't know there was a "secret" second entrance to #Grand Central Terminal on 47th and Madison Avenue through the J.P. Morgan building
i don't know do u miss me
Believe it or not the weather is perfect today in beautiful Colorado....I almost want it to rain.
The day you get waxed?(; jk jk.
Xoxo ;) RT : that is a good solution but you should check out what my friends over at are doing
that's a good day sir!
Wonderful day!! Sons prom is tomorrow nite...where has the time gone... :/
I think it will be Flynn to get another pick. TT values picks & will get a deal done w/Wells. RT : Wells or Flynn. Hm.......
was told a good anecdote about him. apparently he still takes LSD once a year to freshen up his mind...as all academics should!
You pick
You make all things work together for my good
#NBCTheVoice serious about social media when "social media correspondent" TAKES THE STAGE
Great news! Craft brew dollar sales were up 15% in the first half of 2011! Let's keep it that way for 2012!
Focus on Energy Appoints Implementers for New Energy Programs
Yep & the recent blog post
my first tweet!!
Yes, I can unequivocally recommend very few things...edmodo is one of them.
nice, that had to be fun to watch
Spending my day with <333
forgot to say the Scarlets are usually £129 or £149 with dryer, we also have £99 black ones
#iLoveBeingABelieberBecause i found family here.. Our bond is just so UNBREAKABLE :) 21 Million and still counting!!
Why the fuck am I up this early .
the "booyah" is part of the inline comment!
yeah but think about it. evry team plays this way v barca, theyre obv comfortable w teams doin this. give urslelf a chance, attck
i don't even know what happened..i literally passed out at 10:12..i'm sorry
“: Got a great shoe shine from Thanks...” The pleasure was all ours! Thanks for visiting us at
Ladies you can host a catalog party for Pure Romance if you don't want to have one at your house. Still get all the perks! DM me for details
are you F'ing kidding me, this whole time you have work?! #geeeetthefuuuuckouuuuttahere!!!!!!
I honestly hate nipples .
you bet! See you there!
Have such a horrible headache. :(
Still looking for an agent to handle my comedy career.
good night
Bus driver lady, are you fucking kidding me?
Catching up with <3
The chase is on.
since my ex do u know how low my care for women's feelings are
Trailer and poster are still being worked on. Still going to be a bit (sorry) but they're looking GOOD!
Making Estonian style pasta, at least that's what my husband says, before finishing couple of photo shoots.
are you just wanting us to design a shirt or do you want us to actually produce them?
I want an DVD!! Let's make it happen !!
Holy cow, massive gusts of wind just hit us at #Grammynoms. That was scary.
What a crazy winter ... Snow in South Carolina this morning!
hahah!!! U keep me Rollin! Thank you
We have abandoned this Tweet....the Government is on to us!!
Thanks fellas! Keep me posted on what's going on with you guys [seriously], so we can look into covering some shows for you guys!
just strap a mattress to your back, you can nap on the go!!
I wanna do so many things with my life n be somebody but I don't even know where to start
Thanks man. Always working to make the clients shine bright!
*girls. RT “: Just the thought of you talkin to other guys just worries me that I might loose you for good .”
Question for experienced tweeters, I posted a pic of myself, however I cannot see it unless I click my profile all I see is an egg? Help?
Wow, just yesterday I had low 200 followers and now I have over 500. Yayy!! Thanks guys!! :)
Handing out postcards with twitter handle and # to people waiting in a line generates a TON of content b/c ppl have nothng to do!
Pringles and wine!
New Find at Superior Cake Products - Black and White Cookies. Delish! Parve
Thank You Joan Thank You Joan Thank You Joan ♥ RT! ♥
Cherry coke and reese cup juss saved my life.
get back with me i dont know where i will be or doing right now
Client interviews all day today. Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design.
just listening to my grandma's favorite song, sitting here thinking about her.. God, I miss her.
Aren't they fantastic?
Hope you get to celebrate with more homers tonight. Had we been home last night your slide would have been on fire!!
sorry about being a little Benedict Arnold.
Happy birthday to the U.S. Marines! Thank you for your 236 years of service!
Loving the mild weather
1 of those days. Onto story #3. RPD identify body found in river as missing man Alonzo Williams. Going 2talk2 a his pastor & family now.
Having a good day today :)
It's been raining for a week. I love the rain but it would be good if it stopped. Missing the sunny days. My pleasure, Thanks to u
Decibal fest at neumos: overwhelmingly male audience. Virtually no one dancing.
Got an id and registered for classes. Guess i'm in grad school now.
Making myself some homemade chicken broth soup...
Check your twitter messages.
Yah they don't always like it when I call their country "Canuckistan" either.
Friday 13 tattoo input: Hello Kitty, flowers, or rabbit's foot?
Silver Stars star season 2-0 with 93-62 road victory over Tulsa Shock.
well, come on~I've an extra room ;)
It is a Monumental Monday! Use the code tweet for a $5 discount. Sign up at monuemtalmarathon.com
Hey! If you're friends with me on Facebook go "like" my last status ;) THANKS!!!
We were just there...Thanks !
Drumstep, makes me want to just go fucking wild.
working on redesigning my portfolio...been way too busy lately - graduated in december so now I have more time woot
Hit me up whenever brotha, I got Sat-Sun off now, just good family time in the pool lately...
This is just taking way to long and I know you think I'm way to wrong
Thanks! I have the Striphas, but it's still on the pile to read (it's a big pile!)
it's suppose to be. you know any girls who'd be interested?
RT : Females who want 2 get into sports journalism email me 4 advice. I think I'm going 2 write something w some harsh truths.
I know </3333
Good morning, world! You are absolutely all beautiful. (: Smile, and make the most of your Saturday!
in a nutshell I believe there should be leaders in the church as described by paul to timothy
did we meet up with you?
Congratulations -- sounds like a terrific opportunity.
A few lol : so u sayin darker not hot?
Not all king makers live in castles.
Hush mode lol
Hair fashion show casting coming up in Austin Tx. I hope I get the job, I love hair modeling. (Leo)
Local library supporters please show your support for Ridgefield CT library referendum Town mtg Veteran’s Park School Feb 22 at 7:30 pm
Saint Patty's Day in Cleveland!!!!!! Who's going to the parade?????
from MA? use to work up there all the time, closest to you probably Scituate.
Fuck your face like its the last thing on earth ;)
Instead of CP3 our back-court consists of Rondo and now Keyon Dooling..
Yesterday, during the main conference at UMass Boston, the learning was palpable with tweets like this one abounding:
Enjoying the virtual archaeology session (BLRM C). Janet Young on 3D scanning, virtual collections and repatriation - fascinating.
I just wanna say that 's background is so cute! (: I love it xo
I'm gonna get the trinity symbol on my back on my left shoulder blade, :)
Twitter counts!
There's something about the MGMT sound Electric Feel that always gets me going. No matter where I hear it.
I'll have to google it, if it was Durbin then I'm sure it was awesome! ()
Pubs will be bone dry before dark. Well done City, great for the League and will make UTD stronger in the long run. Breathtaking finish.
Back in Nashville after a great weekend with the girls. Fresh and ready to make some moves this week. Exciting times.
Apparently teenagers scare
Get ur roof fixed or a new roof before the rain starts. 305-232-3344
Ill grow up when you grow your hair
will do! you r doing it so thorough and so large, man. know ur appreciated in these parts. Ears and eyes on u!
thanks for all the RT's
woah! will keep ur mum in my thoughts & prayers...
good night Tweety!
I photoshopped the hair on the pic... chill, i took it in NJ
The Top 5 QBs in AFL history are being announced tonight on Who will be number one?
Would like more traction for Win Win and Super 8, but I've no big problems with the ones I've seen listed, even, uh, The Help
we agree! It's an exciting time!
Thanks Marianne, I'm glad you enjoy my work!
Need to teach my dog that 'here we go' trick
Alfred Runte and Wilian Cronon--that is more like it.
I'm looking forward to seeing the #supermoon tonight, maybe even share a bootle of #wine with my sweetie under it!
": Are you willing to be the CEO of your talent? (not just a starving artist)" A crucial question at this juncture.
My MacBook Pro came back from #Apple with B.O.
#waystosayyourbreathstinks hey, cup your hands over your mouth and then exhale REALLY big...
#motivation where are you???
- you had just been bat mitzvahed #lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame #sigh ....
Yes. Your lips must be moist. Also, short fingernails help for the half-notes.
ah so excited cant wait for it to start!
I'm dragon.
You go to the gym to develop body, but in the process you also develop mind and spirit. if you feel good then baby work that as!
Watched 'Brothers Bloom'..what a terrific little movie! It was the small quirky details that made it great. You gotta try it.
u say ur gonna eat the family bet they taste like chicken lol
Carbonara, whatever day it is, is the best choice.
I should be studying, but I get distracted too easily. x)
LMAO JUST DIED
i need my bestfriend.
I m sorry about ur pc
I'll be working on a post for for this week on marriage--sure to make some unnerved
Well goodnight thoughts in my head, pains in my heart, may you please be gone tomorrow
She said I act like I don't give a shit I told her its ckuse I don't give a shit lol
Always remember if you have a ? about where to bet or about a game, email at and we will do our best to answer fast
You up for a breakfast meeting in the morning?
Pitt in top 3 among publics, top 5 among all universities in federally financed R & D expenditures.
Show me love and like my page www.facebook.com/agloenterprise thank you my tweeters! lots of blessings your way!
When we hear from teams about players it is generally AFTER media has reported that buzz is building for player, not the other way around.
Had a great meeting with H/H Superintendent today. ADLandHeARTs for Autism may bring in after school programs for spec. ed. students & sibs!
Ducks vs. Luck? Gonna be good. My pick? Ducks RT : ... Your pick in the Stanford/Oregon game? Do ducks quack?
yeah, right? I think this is my last year, too big, spread out, hard to connect with people.
A girl in my zoology class was looking at a diagram of a human vagina and claimed "It looks like a little person"
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Goodbye Yellow Brick Road '73 Sir Elton John
Good Morning Beautiful People..
The Girl Talk Team just arrived in NYC! We are ready for NBCs Monday morning--signs and all!
Thought i text andrea but she bout to crash so im out
what kind of "evil" are we talking about and why?
it's the show that made me realize that Britsh tv shows are awesome
where are you?
my 1st block teacher weird af.
I have never seen this format (debating on the NY Times). I don;t have time to read it now, but it does look interesting.
I'm sure you have some good ideas. How about using storify for certain panels? Plus live-tweeting, of course!
Thanks for the FF! Have a fabulous weekend :)
I'm a huge fan of maddie is her account ? Ps can u follow me! Huge fan!
Thanks for all the love, get it... Love? :)
or come see me tomorrow
shut the fuck up
cant see you cus the money in the way
Hey, weird, another B R Meyers hit piece on the novel of the moment in !
no bro, i know where my parents hide it so after school i take it and secretly text then put it back before they get home :b
hope you feel better !
Google remainders its independent e-book resales: Google reps assert that the reseller program hasn't met the needs of readers or boo...
it absolutely was :( smh
hurry up and see the McQueen exhibit at the Met before it ends in August!
#ItGetsMeMadWhen people repeatedly ask what's wrong and I'm just relaxed. I would probably talk about it if something was wrong. Lol
what , I didnt give her anything ..
Shaff, David Wallace died yesterday, he also did a parody music video of you making fun of suing us in court..links to follow
We had a chance...
It's not Christmas without dim sum.
Nile, I keep going back looking @ ur baby pic. U were SO cute! Ha! Stare in ur eyes; they're so deep!
I could probably live and thrive at Teavana at the Beverly Center
Teacher: "Turn off your phone!" yeah right, like that's gonna happen. *Puts on vibrate*
Got great news...TWICE today!
great article!
shopping souds so fun right now hope you will have a great time luv ya you rock!
Everytime I think to myself I get on some deep shit.lol
white people these days what can ya do
Matt, you have been hacked again.
Let's talk designs! what sort of logos were you looking for?
I do follow more TLs, but there are quite a few classroom tchrs in my pln too!
- I basically have a guest bedroom in my apartment
The #mnsenate has just passed the Vikings Stadium bill.
Oh the healing power of Lipton Noodle Soup. And Emergen-C. And lemon ginger tea with honey and bourbon. :)
Lol, she paid $120 for it!
Get yourself a good alarm, boom problem solved.
I took my daughter to earlier today ....
ok that is acceptable & admirable! Don't forget to hit up and about planning our joint surprise party.
I suppose it is frowned upon in most cultures to drink a beer at 7:30am. But I'm from
You go, Lauren! Follow your dreams!
Sound check at the Patriot Center. Getting pumped for the show tonight!
Registered for AAG ! See you all in NY Feb 24-28 !
This. RT : Sarah Phillips integrity
stuck in houslantavagas
Big spender?
text me bro
Think I want that Popeye's special today.
oh yeah, there is also Mastercolor here in Greensboro (for color)...decent prices and same day turnaround before 10am I think
Shouts out to my new followers
"Human personality is the time-space image-shadow cast by the divine Creator personality. Shadows should be interpreted as true substance."
Remember on a day like the past day. Always love!
ironic.. looks like thats what ur doing
Im going to go ahead and go to sleep doh smh
“: By hating on Selena you don't know that you're disrespecting Justin.”
I can't believe we r still speaking. Lol. I have ur email half done. I just can't focus ling enough to complete it. 3 kids
Hubby loves his camera and hipstamatic, and I shoot on boring old iPhone camera
Just took my dog out in a silk bath robe that looks like a kimono, a puffy north face jacket, and two right foot flip flops.
Germantown police investigating body found in pond
You mean the head over heels is honest or they suddenly get honest ?
catching up with new Design Matters hadn't tuned in since Empire State Building. Are votes tallied to bring monologs back?
Took a nap.
YEP!!! RT : Haven't seen Brett since Sunday night. Can't wait to go see my lil guy tomorrow night!! We need to move ASAP right
Welcome :-) Have a great day!
Be all that you can be today and be grateful for what you have
I'm a twit; degenerate, young rebel and proud of it.
Day 2 of iPad trial. Got any good apps for me to check out, #librarians?
My favorite movie mom? Elaine Miller from Almost Famous? Yours?
Treating myself with chocolate cake on a coolish Sunday night.
Advertising is about norms and ideals, aspirations and prejudices. It's about culture.
could u possibly hook is up with plane tickets also
Please Follow For Some Good life quote and SMS Messages. Tht Ny New Twitter
that was a hell of a match it was very bloody match and i knew john cena would win #ExtremeRules was awesome
looks great. i like the fast pace in it! Do you have any extra equip and which lenses? :)
I've dodged the "like every other word" bullet. The "American Girl dolls" bullet... that's another story.
Bitches Is Just Mad Because Im Beautiful . But Im Still Doing Me & Im In This World To Win It & Im Not Going No Where . GoodNight Bitcghes .
Yes RT : I would like a 10 point lead boys
RT bonkers how many #Supreme Kate Moss snipes are up.LES been bombed something fierce. Guerrilla marketing win for them again
No problem! Thank you!
Hell yeah! It is going to happen!
Energy breakthroughs real, headlines from 50 yr ago : Bill Clinton: Need to close the gap between trendlines + headlines
how wonderful that the writer had a beautiful time at like we did!
Hey I'd be happy to take a donation from you to tomorrow! twitter.com/rollin4japan/s…
you could trace his administration's doings back to the root of many current hardships lol
Jeff Teague was great in college. Nice to see at least one Hawk show up tonight
Soccer is on tv in the den. Flopping is out of control. This is why I don't watch soccer.
ATT will take 1B non-cash charge for health care AP - AT
I think you're crazy as hell and I miss you!!! It's been forever since we hung out, years just flew by!!
Happy #Valentine'sDay everyone! If you haven't made dinner reservations yet, I hope can cook!
Lesson learned don't go to a casting call without a confirmation number or a casting number you can contact.
I'm craving BBQ chicken wrap from Red Robin !!
Playing by tonight and every Wednesday at 6:30pm! Center City Philly inside the Ritz-Carlton.
A.K., thanks for the list of jazz greats. Nice to know more about good music.
Support some Italian LADIES in hip-hop too --> <--
#dailyfeedback Fave Laura Nyro songs as done by other performers: Fifth Dimension/Blood, Sweat, and Tears/Jill Sobule
don't you dare.
thank u sir!
See you there!
Love this! (also, by not buying canned beans, you save a TON of sodium!)
"Life treats you as you treat Life" , " Arms are for Hugging", "The ABC of decisions is always be deciding" --'Book; Dare To Win'
Limbaugh is the product of a partial abortion. Everything but the heart survived...
is dope
OH MY GOD. ": Rihanna has confirmed that if she isn't up to going to a award ceremony, she sends her lookalike Lorraine Star."
thats mind twisting
I'm waiting for the right girl when will she come?
Hold on one second... Now what is in the punkin' brew?
yes! just retweeted some images
I got my clothes from Hollister, and i'm dressing up tomorrow. Have a nice sleep everyone!(:
heading to NY in the am for the NAEA conference. So excited! Hope to gain great knowledge and inspiration on visual arts education!
Bomb maker declines to make statement in court. His lawyer says we'll probably never know why Jakubec built bombs.
GUESS. WHAT.
Not yet :/
Also, there's a livestream.
On my way to pick up Merry Ellen Kirk and head to Cleveland, Tn, for a house concert!
Just once in my life I'd like a Pope I could see myself cuddling with
At steak & shake with my sis. ^~^
i hope everyone that went to prom had fun tonight
Q4. It's the best choice because it's delicious and easy!
What’s the biggest advantage of Xactly over competitors? #salescomphumor: “You mean from a competitor or a spreadsheet?”
but think of all the joy it brought you...in fact, now that I think about it, I should send *you* a bill. :)
Kurt Cobain did a great job in The Grey but died too soon
hey make sure I know what you are doing this season
Moving a big who can only play 20 games a year is fine with me. I don't see anything about a third team yet. Who knows
Nefti's looking great tonight! So is Blake Bevan, tho.
I think a lot of those restaurants were going to fail no matter what. The people have already given up.
Second sucks
I considered that. Something about the way it looks on the page stops me. Alec Freemont. I think he's an Alex.
thanks for the concern. I get it LOL
ditto. Ima write you a letter and send it by snail mail... lol
It's about time #Cleveland wins.. At least the entire city isnt a #FactoryofSadness like the
Going home to eat dinner and play with Feedburner.
Maybe your doctor's busy patching up the last one you cut?
Thanks! It's been a blast. Love your tweets. Fun stuff!
I feel like a lot of my friends are like sponges where they just absorb the effort and friendship I give them, that's it.
Here at #ommavideo all set up and ready to roll. I'm excited to gain some great insight today on video and tomorrow on social media.
To all my twitter followers -please follow I am traveling with them to Africa to try and help bring healing to traumatized youth.
RT": You gotta love a city that smells like BBQ. #Austin"
I'll never keep a secret and ill never tell a lie - babyface
i thought i already followed you? whats all this about a protected account.
Live at 8AM - www.pdxsucks.com discusses the nudist colony now known in the Pacific Northwest as "Ashland".
Rainy morning in Anaheim. Heading to airport
I did not know that,,thx,,twitter is a learning tool,,[I couldn't remember how to spell education]
Boom. ties it 1-1. Amazing year for the American abroad
I'm gonna lose my temper & some sleep It's safe 2 say that I'm gonna get my payback if he's anything like me-Brad Paisley, Anything Like Me
Remind me next time I take my computer apart. :)
hello, how're you?
Hey guys I think Blanka can go to the boys concert with me!:D<3-Kelly
ha almost there!
answered his question with a question lol ..
yea....I could use some helping trending a Happy 20th Birthday to Taylor Lautner because his is tomorrow!
yeah! Tomorrow baby :)
But Karma can be sweet as pie after
I hate staying home so much. I'm not staying home again unless I'm vomiting blood
Want you to be my first ,my last, my ending , and beginning
Check out the Romare Bearden (1911-1988) A Centennial Celebration, on view now at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
Happy 26th birthday to Ally, my friend who I met nearly 25 years ago! I LOVE YOU!!!!
15 days left until 4th of July and bikini time! Love that Sweat is going to help me get fit! You're doing great Adam!
.'s Delia Pompa is testifying tomorrow at 10am EST in front of the House Ed and Workforce Committee. Follow along for live tweets!
somebody call 911 , shawty fire burning on the dance floor .. Whaooaoaoaoa
If I tell you the answer I'll cheat you of a learning experience.
Yay! How awesome...so happy it's gonna happen. Congratulations!
Market noisy, lots of people, Shopping list arugula pesto, pears, spinach,
I got some good collabs coming up for you all this summer too!! =)
What will it take to get some #Crew96 news on the airwaves during local news?
Someone tweet me (: I'm bored /: nothing else to do.
#ThingsIHate; people who can't fight their own battles.
indeed did you enjoy the museum last night
Yes! What a cool idea!
Some people change and some don't, the ones that change are not your friend
Watching the game in bed with a migraine. That goal is only making me feel more sick.
Quote of the night " I'd rather be dumb than mean; that way you can be be mean and have an excuse" -Me
Hey!! Are you here...? Dunno about rockin', but definitely learned a lot in doc-consort.
I'm about to get it on with the foam roller… all over the floor. That's right. Smack dab in the middle of the living room. No shame.
I hate when ppl make stupid comments KNOWING I can prove you wrong in a second wit my PROOF. lol wow goodnight
GO HEAD GURL
RT : Dear kind sir picking up the contents of my purse after I dropped it: that brick wrapped in tin foil is my travel burrito
rock on!
Studying while my family is out watching a movie :(
its hot in my house and i need a move -__-.
Made a few small changes to the home page this morning. The new profile is coming soon too. It's in private beta testing now.
“: #NP: Orrin Evans - deep solo piano reading of "TSOP," from forthcoming trio CD "Flip the Script." Watch for it.”
I am really freaking awesome.
2 (so far) for 's Male & Breakthru. Hard earned and well deserved.
Tomorrow is my "torture" scene and then more Spanish studying.
Remember #SmallBusiness owners! Want a chance 2 win $50,000 in TV advertising? #Staples wants 2 give u a boost!
"Is that the bathroom?" "If you want to pee in the kitchen." - our waiter at Dicks Last Resort
Who of u want to hear me singing a song u want for me to sing ??? 😊
Are you the one responsible for making sure that the Star Wars This is Sportscenter commercial just played during MikeandMike?
#WhoeverSaid All guys are the same was a moron
I've got the whole world in front of me. I'm not letting go til i say "This is My Life"
What to do, what to do.
show me how love is really supposed to be .
Biggest #LIE of the Day is frm a Romney aide. The auto bailout was Romney's idea. They can't really be serious. He would have let GM fail.
Getting pedicure and manicure with no where to go...at least this massage chair feels good
Haha, I won't ever get Marcus on Twitter. But I promise he's real. Ask she'll back me up.
Good times with old friends is always the best....
Help Thompson Child & Family Focus and donate
Hi I'm at applebees bored. Someone make twitter interesting.
Nope, no ladies as of yet. 's gf is pretty good though. Youngest was 18, I believe, back in the Plaza days.
Hell yes! RT : Yes! Auburn, IN, USA please! Bring too!
I just mean the Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory direct download title. Does the MP exist, considering retail v. is offline?
Five dolla make you holla SANGRIA! A whole pitcher...Red or white, you choose!
#3WordsForYou give me money
The High School Slam Dunk contest is better than the NBA's Dunk contest
Effective leadership is putting first things first
How do you manage so many people? My 3,000+ is becoming a full time job. :-)
awh. I'm blushing. No wait, that's just the opium. Water... need water...
i want a pretty girl.
Long Beach, baby! Quick, name three songs with "rock" in the title.
Thanks for following. Much Love & Peace to you. Stay On Your Vibe.
the uniforms have no style. Just like the Seahawks on the field when they flop around trying and failing to win a game.
Outta work early!
Last look at book of dog breeds: American Hairless Terrier. "Perfectly acclimated to Caribbean climate." Sleepy. No one coming to mind.
hey! Long time, what you been up to sweetie?
ON AIR NOW<< Jackpot with Bill Previtti
agreed his length and athleticism are sick...needs work at offensive end but I'd take him
Did you guys miss me? 
can only hope that people understand this law is for the protection of the country .
Get Pizza in a Kone today 11:30-2:30 Hwy 40 east 75 next to Atsides Rest. Supply ingredients local teachers get free beverage w/order
Look at that stage from Bruce to Paul. Rock it boys.
Sounds AWESOME!": I think I wanna do a fantasy league with my twitter folk, who's in?"
I dont think I like the drunk feeling that hennessy creates, lol im going to stick to the liquor I know..
Man, I already sent you the image search for "cup of tea." That wasn't enough?
Announcing the new members of the iBOT Family today!!! Who do you think it is?
wht u mean I sent a dm to tht person an they wrote it
How are you earning points in Pottermore? Are you brewing potions? I suck at that!
yeah somewhere last year he fell off RT : Roy Halladay is nowhere near Verlander's level anymore.
Fine leather goods.
RT : This day last year, jury selection in the Casey Anthony trial began. (AKA 2 months of insanity) Oh how time flies
They should all be in one division facing west so they can point and laugh at BYU.
Your Highness? Although, really, James Franco and Natalie Portman? Did you need work that badly?
Losing Phil Taylor is such a huge blow. Heckert looks a lot better for drafting Hughes. Hopefully the kid can play.
what about a black-Latino thing?
that sounds a lot like how our nights have been since Nick landed his job
First Middle School basketball game tomorrow gonna ball on the other team
Will he miss?
Early morning, up an ready to see what's going on in the design world. Hope everyone has a great day!!
nicely done. but still, why?
Only musicians can say they're "staying tuned" and be both literal and ironic simultaneously.
Broken link?
RT "Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down." Ray Bradbury
: I went to school with a guy named Shalatron.
are people peer pressuring you to eat peanuts?
#know12 IT as the new manufacturing: moving info much harder than the physical equivalent. Essential: backbone of modern enterprise
True Story: Got a free cab ride from Haight to Ocean Beach at 2:30am today.
i love you!
Floyd Is Too Fast
Man really dnt feel like bein at work this early
#Lakerfans get mad at us when we win...but oh boy...Ya'll are the NBA'S worst noise talkers...so shut it up and take it..
My little brother just slapped himself in the face with a slipper 😄
Such a great week ahead. Big Mothers Day weekend w and our families. The #MaxPayneIsComing Tuesday!!!!! Excited aint the word
Great forum! #SAA2012 #SAA77 forum on InfoTech capacity building in
My mom told me I looked like the Green Goblin in a dress I tried on wow
How are you?
Ima Make A Remix 2 Trust Issues..
The fact that I can't sleep because of him is probably a bad sign. *giggles* ...wtf?
lol even more so than my hermit self!
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
At the #heartattackgrill on #fremontstreet drinking
RT : what u can do with ur life has little to do with what's going on in the world & everything to do with what u see as possible
Yup, but most people don't look at themselves as they judge the annoying things around them
Greetings new librarians that I am following. Doing this as a project to rank, categorize and find value in librarians on Twitter.
now i could say my name but ya bitch already knows it
hey Dana, what are you doing these days? Get to Seattle often?
God, Plz let the Grizz get this win!! Amen
So proud of our boy , he had gone so far now. :)
You know you need more sleep when you fall asleep standing up, in the shower...
Thanks, , , it was great to discuss collaboration and the GSA mission on
thanks for the #followfriday! I appreciate it. Have a great weekend.
“: Ex-boyfriends are just off-limits to friends. I mean, that's just like, the Rules of Feminism!”
as long as karl is our coach we make the playoffs every year don't give credit where it's not due
My associate, PJ Ochlan, is an excellent coach. His students are doing so well. Build your entourage with us.
webster just asked me to take over ur duties on FB hahaha status's, comments and so forth :) I'll do my best
Im in gym and just standing there, and a wanna be gym class hero who sucks yells at me!;/ umm no I'm better then just standing here!
GO FOLLOW I'LL FOLLOW YOU BACK ON THAT ACCOUNT :))
ya know something?.... You suck. And you're missing out on the 2k tourney tonight
At the law offices of Sirody, Freiman & Feldman, we are commited to providing you with the best, most experienced bankruptcy attorneys.
I just gave candy to a trick or treater who was older than I am...
How was powerhouse? I want to see pictures so I can tease you girls
Smh anti-social.
Good eye, man!
#StephanieMarch Mpls-St.Paul Foodie: Mn has the most food coop's per capita in all the US! How cool is that!
We've missed you on here! I was going to email you earlier this week; how have you been?
Yea glad to see you made it too Austi for
Devouring Chinese Mexican food at Mission Chinese pop up restaurant. Might pass out in food coma before finishing this tweet.
Finalists Named for Jewish Literary Award
okay thanks for the tips :)
You are very welcome. I enjoy your tweets :)
its Thursday here! Ugh sorry I missed it
Hey #usguys , time to ring the tribal bell for - Maybe he will follow more than 1 person now!
"I think that some employees welled up with tears because the polenta was so good." Doing our part to create tears of joy.
I highly recommend it as well. It's pretty great.
nope theyre all alseep still...they were on him full swing last night tho, and i imagine all day day today, theyre going fishin
Actually think I'm sitting this one out. Really happy with my fleet and the Pontiac styling. Should I lose one, though...
uh oh is right..
Christians should let love guide your life Col. 3:14
She's an arse. And an ass. It pains me to say so.
We are re-upping all of our stock. We need to do a huge push. Something you have expertise in?
Few things are as enlightening as a reality check on a Sunday
hooray for getting over a cold! I just over one a few days ago >.< just be sure to eat something so your tummy doesn't get m ...
Keynote Speaker George Dyson: Remembering Alan Turing, John von Neumann at
Allergy treatments continued - Neti pots, saline eye washes, hypo-allergenic soap and detergent
Knicks cannot and will not win a game. The NBA Refs will not allow it, it seems
she said we are all too connected... she said your response time was quicker than McDonalds.
#ThingsIHate Being ignored, especially if I'm trying to fix my mistake and I can't because you wont give me the time of day.
Cool! Are Cricket and Danny back on? Haven't watched in a while.
i just never did matter .
oh its from whataburger! Duh! None here in Chicago ):
Your heads a one way street and ive gotta go the other way
I wish some things would stay forgotten.
I do mostly interstate driving. I'm at almost 35, varies if I do a lot of small trips, but usually 34.8-35.4 most the time.
I want you as my breakfast legs spread and all ;)
Far as rap mostly jay...but I like music in general,good music is good music
Bottom line is it's still Rhett so it can only be great. Not that I'm biased.
Proud of Seattle's stance on "Online Sex Ads Exploit Teens." Read the article in the #Seattle Times Sunday Paper (7/24)!
#YOUneedahearingaid Nigga. YOU SAID NICK IS SO SEXY. SO
and Friday the 13 !
is hysterical this morning!
It's looking like our website will be up and running in a couple months-Very exciting!
Happy Kwanzaa from Prevent Blindness America!
proceeds to a non profit/invest in the local community (i.e. a company like Better World Books). It's sort of like the blogs
Heading to the Frist tom checking out new exhibit, anybody want to join?
Chick is hating on Carly Rae. Bitch, shut up. Your opinion is invalid. Thank you.
...Tell the GIR ticket representative you want to thank the military and a free ticket will be sent to the USO of Missouri (1000 available).
Dead out here...be back tomorrow.
Enough w/ Bull. It's time to move On.
Yes.yes.yes. RT : Great to meet you. Let's make more art in Boston happen.
Selassie I ...Have you a need for cover art? give me a shot to provide you with one on my images...would be an honor.
Mike is the bf right? I've been so out of touch! Shame on me!
sometimes disconnecting from power, pulling the battery out, letting it sit for ~10s then trying again works
Follow me tho...
What a great night ! Make plans to be there next Saturday for #saturdaynitechurch at 6pm!
im so jealous of my cousin .. she goes to school wit jason and just called me cuz she was dancing with him.. ohh hell no lol
Cute harley guy in white bandana, find me:)
It shut down clean. I think Windows might have updated then restarted and i didn't get a warning...it's fine now
this nigga Paul Gasol shot a three ?
is focused on feeding the food deserts of New York City.
Yes - love this triangle! RT : Favorite thing I learned yesterday: Cheap, Fast, Good... You can only pick 2...
Watched my first episode of Dr. Who today.
Yes, party hint: Like minded moms here follow on Twitter. keep window open and find each other later!
Not sure but I just bought my tickets - you never know!
Used to anticipate checkin the mail when I knew there would be a check in the mail.
Let them find the real you buried deep within...
Don't let them get you down, Ax! You're the man, you got this! Go Crew!
When you come upon a wall, throw your hat over it, and then go get your hat. --
:) we have a girl, wife wants a boy, but I will be satisfied as long as it is just one. Lol
dAMN BRUHH JUST GOT SOME BAD NEWS KEEP YA HEAD UP KOBI .
Happy MLK Day from MLK Choir! We will be singing at Francis Parker School this morning to honor Dr. King's legacy.
Corey Smith and Florida-Georgia Line take over Majestic Theatre tonight! Show starts at 8 p.m.
throw some firecrackers out your window. That'll shut up anything
I&#39;m a little hungry today hm.... What to eat &lt;3
You keep it well concealed.
We're gonna make it POUR! RT holy crap, a diamond? you guys are
No U Sound Constipated
miss you girl! Hope you're having fun :)
That was a good reunion
i seen her in a car i think it had to be here it was but yeah she was in a car and me and friends drove past here we screamed chloe
TRAEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!! Mine is longer :D
Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart. ~ Erma Bombeck
Great quote! RT : The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
yeah I need like 4 extras :/ lol
&#9755; Great Deals on Calculator DVR Covert Camera Protect Your Family RonPaul2012
You can always tell which coworkers were cheerleaders in high school...
BEE! IT'S GOIN DOWN
Far Away - NickelBack , at least in this phase of my life.
Im really upset im gonna spend my weekend stuck home, sick -_-
How do I delete/resign games on Draw Something? I have an opponent who is kind of freaking me out. No more "random opponents" for me...
#IfOnly Walt Disney wrote my life story, that way I would know it has a happy ending
Working on a spooky tv pilot today... #upfronts are this week...hope to be there with my show soon :)
What is your true need in regards to improving your business right now?
She my lovely lady my love love lady
Make sure you stay tuned to download the new album by HOME Team's very own Circuit Breaker 11.11.11!!!
Thank u. Sorry u couldn't make the seminar.
May 22nd needs to be here now. -.-
if you want me in your life, you can find a way to put me there because frankly, I'm sick of trying
I'm not making any promises, but I might just have a "wardrobe malfunction" at the reading tonight.
have they announced OW?
Yea it seems nice so far, a gorgeous drive up here. A little cold though! We are heading up to Grand Canyon tomorrow to check it out.
Tami acting like a fucking hoodrat teenager , I bet she won't do Evelyn like that
Staying silent for most of the day today!
Aw man. release the video already!
Anyone seen Joe Johnson ?
Looking to interview Third Ward residents for a story. Let me know if you live in the Third Ward.
WWE's throwing out 1st pitch 4 hometown CLEIndians tonite! 1 day when we get picked up we'll have a homecoming 4 our champ!
DPD affirms original enviro decision of non-significance on Greenwood Fred Meyer site. FM can now start major expansion....
Looks like it was a wonderful #wcrva day, so sad to have missed it. Maybe next year it won't be the same day as
sounds good. You got my number?
always in my prayers.
Love conquers all things.~ Virgil
Good times with good people
If I was starting an NBA team--and I'm not--I would rather have Serge Ibaka than Andrew Bynum
Ran into Ophra Sat. night back stage at Book of Mormon in NY. Check out the photo on my FB. Quite a night.
thanks for the tweet of our article
Working on a script that's due at 9am.
I do t even want to stress so Imma watch a movie
parking requirements are farking archaic and bad urban policy.
Indeed - can't beat a day of exploratory programming in front of a huge window looking out onto Appalachia.
Amazing show at the White Out! Great win by the Yotes, just an incredible day all around!
hi! do you have suggestions for playgrounds in SD for 1 y/o kids?
i know. plus a lot of people have argued that parks will survive bc it's owned 100% by NBC and is relatively close to syndication.
lol ..smart kids
Oh yea so the world ends this year fuck I've still got alot to do no joke
What time is the class Heidi??
the issue is ethos; the OSS guys came from the hippie culture. The FB/Apple crowd doesn't much share those values. It'll swing back.
#Gadhafi Sons Free in #Libya Something is wrong. Why blow the city up and let the object of the war free?
Bout to hoop!
Congratulations to the who advance to the second round of Playoffs. They've knocked off the #SJSharks in a 4-1 series.
sometimes my mom wish I was sweet like strawberries when I'm really bitter like lemon juice. Its cute when she thinks its just a phrase
thanks Shawn. Really appreciate that!!
They call me "Gilly Beat Tha Willy Make Tha Girls Go Silly" cause I got Stroke! Haha
This is actually a commercial I just saw.
Deadly Frog Gets New Sanctuary The golden poison dart frog now has it own personal sanctuary along the Pacific coast of western Colombia.
Thinking Costco trip.
I agree. These clips ain't enough and trailers are needed. Medical show and BthB are bad
Just added to our music videos.. make sure you check him out! Also follow him.. u won't regret it =]
Remember when Wolf Blitzer said about Katrina victims: "They are so poor and so black" NBC was intentional.
We're preparing for "mini-inauguration" coverage tomorrow - lots of calls & searches for political experts. Who would you like to hear from?
When your parents don't trust you. And your telling the fucking truth.
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our children.
I love YOU
E! Entertainment Special on dramatic weight loss. Expected to see on there!
From one Dowager Countess to the next: Luv Madge in #halftime spotlight & Maggie Smith at Downton Abbey
no, it's obviously Barajas. “: josh hamilton is straight killin it!! best player in baseball”
*Closes Window*
SWAG PUPPY!
Read an interesting article about neilhimself in the New Yorker on the Logan to Jfk leg of the trip.
I will end u
Horrible day to start off spring break!
what's the hashtag for today's mobile talk at #MIT ??
why you ain't come to school?
So do we! We're on our way. Glad you like what we're doing.
who? tom?
Would love to win gas money so I could drive across state & bring my son home from college for Christmas. Thanks!
This is a luxembourg shout out to my many followers!! Love you dad and Dale :)
Joan's first class is on current awareness, e.g. "IP blogs: the pocket parts of the future!"
here comes Mr. Peer Pressure
Tweeting a lot today. Sorry tweeps, I'm at the
Awesome, thanks :)
I'm curious to see what you think about our offerings. :) Please let me know.
“: Fireworks! May I ask why?” Because why the fux not?!
#IfWeedWereLegal i would be legal
is she looking at a fortune here? Have you seen her stash?
Thank you for editing down that horrific rape scene #oscars #GirlWithDragonTattoo #best editing
about to go Shoot a hunting show in oklahoma..try to shoot a turkey
Just locked eyes with Halle Berry's baby daddy!
Authentic prayer, God-Centered prayer, realizes that the promise of prasyer is God Himself. - Derek W.H. Thomas
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
The only way it is possible for you to see the mountain is to not have your point of view and let yourself be the mountain.~A.H. Almaas
what are you looking to do ?
Up bored tryna go back to sleep!
thanks for the follow and Avenger's review!
I get to meet THE Jungle Jim tomorrow,
ok thanks!
It's come down this again: 12 expresso shots to make the most of the time left for accounting.....
sign up for hops webinars to learn how I did plus plenty of time to ask me questions.
That article doesn't even make sense (not that any of this does). Stunning.
"There's a couple of you guys, uh, that your current living situation is going to change." - Mike Leach
thanks man let us know what you think :)
Need a ride to church tonight?? Let us know!! Starts at 6
OMW to the Beach!!!
my mom is probably getting pissed cuz of the mentions lmao xD
Starting to think I missed my calling and HR comms was my area. Company culture, prof dev, engagement, retention all appealing to me.
I either get the boys' tweets late to my phone or I don't get them at all. Wtf.
Grab a group of friends and head down to for trivia night! | 8PM |
the United states jeans, isn't yours ?
thanks for following... ;)
No local coverage tomorrow for #CLIPPERS game?
come out and support the Veterans and Indiana Ice tonight!!!! Puck drop at 7:05pm!
Setting up meetings with #CRE folks who need solutions to NIMBY problems for #ICSC #RECON - going to be a great show
Will Do!:P
I thought the same thing right after I tweeted it :| But yes! I'll probz be there later tonight.
“: y r people driving so wreckless? that bad accident @ 3 this morning was caused by a car going east in the west bound lanes.
red and yellow beet salad, goat cheese, arugula with almond butter on the bottom. Ridiculously amazing
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching ~
and the same to you!
who would you want to take it???Lakers or Heat????
If you tweet your resignation from a company, does it count?
THAT WAS AWESOME! THE RING IMPLODED!
follow back
woow if u dont like why dont u just say so... no need to be fake
i want to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
congrats on the nomination!
Hello my tweeps how's it goin?
true, true... I need to come back to lakeside! Hey do you still have that "lakeside basketball" shirt? :)
why can't you?
U MUST B High???": Heat don't want no beef wit LA.. "I ain't mean to push u" gasol had Bron Shook! Lol"
Not been back to the office yet, but I remain hopeful they saved me a crumb.
We had a great talk for this article, ; may I use some unused quotes from our discussion in other pieces?
Happy you had a great stay -- Come back soon!
Prob wouldn't be as long if Xmas wasn't next week. Replace wheel & door, repair back 1/4 panel, alignment. Guess that was it.
anyone know who won the voice?
Push me I'll push u
Everybody is a genius but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it'll live its whole life believing that it's stupid. Einstein
Say Something is still my jam.
Pop Won Geezer Of The Year.
and are pulling double duty tomorrow 7P Jazz downstairs 10P Soul/Jazz upstairs 5303 Lankershim
Approaching the Maryland House...
I think I'm kind of addicted...
Happy b-day Chris Brown Hope its a great one :D :)
GAME DAY! Headed to Austin College today. Tip off at 4pm.
I've heard that, when Bill Gates flies he always requests a Windows seat.
just looked at it now.... i have mixed feelings
WHY IS IT SO COLD.
So close. Yet so far away.
“: Headed out to Lunch.. Any takers I'm Buying :))”/. Where we going? ;)
Thank you for following me Orlando. You're my favorite young actor. You were da bomb in That's so Raven. So proud of you O
Tropical green smoothie and organic Mac and cheese
playing drums at rockwood 2 tonight. Have a great show!
Enjoying a day/night off so the radio show is a rebcast from last week. Greetings from and . Happy Holidays all!
Visiting #drupa? You must see the special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b - fantastic! #xeroxdrupa next one at 13:45 today
Will I be seeing you?!?
I'm old enough to recall the 30 second TV spot and 2 minute trailer for ALIEN in 79. That's all we got. It was perfect.
I LIKE PUPPIES TOO LOL
interesting- I think Romneys in for long haul. If similar to '68- no confidence in nation's direction- could win. Thanks John
songs that remind me of this time last year >>>
ain't nothing like that old school R&B
AND..., why wasn't my large pizza $10??? The online form doesn't allow for this special!
Oh the jokes on rep weiner now. What a weiner! Even my 7 yr old had some good ones
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim & end of human existence. ~Aristotle
RT if drake isn't rapping about women, dough, weed or cars, what IS he rappin about? and doing so immaturely, i might add.
Watching Doug and doing my homework.
People need to stop having babies and start putting some rings on the finger.
can u make my birthday wish come true and follow me?
Is this in response to something? I don't get it.
That's better than having big feet, especially since the 7th grade #size15 RT : I hate having small feet #size6 :/
Deep conversations are the best.
bet it wouldn't be too hard to get Pregnancy magazine to print that :)
Off to check in to our hotel and hit the #LFI2012 show floor... We'll be posting our #LED finds now thru Fri! Bye everyone!
OMG AUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! XOXO &HEARTS; :]
Saw some dude in my office had a shirt on, pretty bad ass. Totally gave him a bro-five and chest bump.
Great work Aaron!
I'll go out on limb. Pokerstars / Wynn for USA state network. Tapie and rest of PK license software to 888 and Caesars or possibly BWIN.
NP! MM- #Amen *Two Step*
I'm the new Community Manager for Thanks for the well wishes! Very excited. Happy 4th.
REALLY tempted to keep my hair green (or blue) but had sad realization that I should probably look "professional" for my internship. Sigh.
I figured that if I can get the blood flowing to my brain, it will make it easier to get the blood flowing in the book. :)
Get ready to cry
do you make hip hop beat
Trying to put together a photo/video resources page for our site. I know you folks can try a bit harder in 2012 to have a decent website!
Girl im feeling a story time coming on
blake shelton was amazing!! Hope he sings w miranda when she comes out in a min. It's all about tonight
At 5:30 will tell San Antonio he's the father of.....well, you'll just have to listen!!!
You mean the world to me. I wish you realized that.
Amazed at the funny looks I got whilst blaring "Anarchy in the UK" in a Miami parking lot. No sense of humor peeps?
Have to run 16 miles today. My dilemma... Whether to do it before or after the potential tornado touchdown. Hm
Heading to Urbana. Anyone else going to be there?
Another day ready to help some dads see their kids. BRING IT!
Sally ate fish!
Your friend, is ON THE AIR! Gonna give away some Holiday World tix this hour, listen to know when to call!
Original founders, Richard & Gus Camos, have changed the name of the Six Forks store to Camos Brothers Pizza, everything the same
RSVP is a great resource for the soon-to-be-retired find their purpose in encore career/volunteering
If I could get away with punching her in the face I would...him too.
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when your Un Cool~Lester Bang Almost Famous
Brenda Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library. One class down three to go!
Pastor Ron Baity addressing about 70 people at Berean Baptist now: 'It took us 8 yrs of working diligently... so people could vote on it.'
How bad can one person feel...
Man I keep crying & crying over & over again! I love Whitney Houston & sum things was funny Lol!
Sporting Kansas City?
Another CEO tuned into EE engagement: John Brock, CocaCola Enterprises on re: sustainability "it's at the core of employee engagement"
RT : Stop by any Harris Teeter Starbucks & you can purchase 2 Starbucks Petites for just $2 (plus tax). Limited time only
Don't Tweet about what's on the shelves. Tweet about what you can do with it.
Aww love it! Thanks for all the love girl!
haha! That's what I was thinking too!
Wit my Girl ;)
Hope you had a fabulous Easter! :) J
:) how are you, Brian? Haven't tweeted with you, in awhile!
Dengue Fever - Sober Driver - 01:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Bring Back Ringer 11
Oh man you guys, I just discovered two new still-tacked pockets! This is just the blazer that keeps on giving.
The site also eliminated all my quotation marks ! Bad design!
where u at? 35th and hill..
Good Afternoon to all!
See ya.
Finally bout to watch Avengers!
OMG. You're making my day sound so much more complicated that it already is (x
Happy Mothers Day all!! Enjoy your well deserved day Moms!! #CoachOLoves You
That was the fastest reply I've ever seen, Klapper. Well done.
Just got hired to shoot the Giants party after the game on Thursday. Pretty exciting stuff!
“: i have this problem where when i love a song i listen to it on repeat for about 48 hours” I love too, man
[Eph1:3+Heb6:12] FatherGod has blessed us with all Spiritual Blessings & we manifest HIS promises thru Faith+Patience+(Faith works by Love).
Not to mention that not all candidates have bios in the first place. >_<
someone told me that twitter was getting cancelled..?
it's eeeeeeeeemina ;)
When you pick me up
You smell like bruja.
Is it true that public historians like history better?
This is my profession. Im not new to what I do.
our table just got moved to the back lol Ed is not rosa parks prana
Touchdown!! Let's go State!
who likes free food! If your a business in downtown PDX/Pearl call me today for your promo 60 piece assortment of gourmet food 503 278 5370
How did I miss yo ass...lmao
RT'S WHAT DO YOU BUY??
She never commented on the quality of the food, what does that mean? Olive Garden would be OK if they did not use so much salt.
Sleep 5 hrs...or only 3 and possibly smash :)
Last week he laid out Mike and Colt with the Package Piledriver. He wants them to consider that a taste of him winning the title.
may the best team win, itll be a slobberknocker RT I have no issues w/ #Laker fans chiming in. I'm not a 'hater.' I love
I wana see Edge of Glory already!!
skating is le natural habitat.
I just had McDonald & yeah b*tch i'm lovin it.
To be fair to the pols, for wall street q isn't leverage or not, just how much (will the law allow).
just got an instagram, , follow !
Disco legend Donna Summer dead at 63, according to reports.
Yup, there's homework afoot... Unfortunately, #idgaf, not a single one
those suck no follow all of the people from oregon i have tons they all have reasonable stuff to say
Hello to my newest followers. I'm a lifelong Clevelander running for Cuyahoga County Prosecutor. I invite your review of my qualifications.
Happy Easter to all enjoy
Cannot believe that school is finally getting an abstinence program.
I will be eager to hear more!
thanks for checking our music out!!
Holy shit man city
Pretty sure I just saw Santa Clause walk into Wal-Mart
Waitin Patiently To Get The Key To His Heart & Once I Get Dat Key Im Never Givin It Back N Goin To Put It Where No One Can Find It But Me ♥
Don't be a drag, just be a queen......
i followed u plz follow back and can u plz get me 100+ followers plz
What really pisses me off.... is the school administrators at the school that I'm volunteering/interning at.
to much paint either made me high or sick.. i just don't know..
Jennifer Hudson is really making me appreciate the cover of "I Will Always Love You" in PUTTY HILL.
u wish!
Also, I just got the complete set of maps for the Atlantic Coast bike ride, Bar Harbor, ME to Key West, FL
It took 1 inning for McCarver to move February to late spring and have Alex Gonzalez hitting homers "as far as anybody."
Delvin Young PR advice: Come out and say when you drink too much, you turn into a different person. We undestand
Leave it to ceelo to class it up with a drumline.
u gonna be at some shows? looks like back to back road trips for me Phish in Toga and Furthur in Bethel woot!
RT : Couldn't tell all in my interview with but the secrets out! Who's comin to see me on stage w Tupac next Sun?
Turn off your television.
can't just not
A message to anyone reading this My ex is back & Im going on a car ride with him to listen to Coast to Coast AM. If i wind up dead
Wait.. wtf is mi/ga? I don't remember that, lol, it was DONT HAT xD
u missed tha whole week, lucky ass
I was thinking that too
we should talk sometime
thanks I'm a proud momma. :)
I don't hate you. If you were on fire and I had water, I'd drink it.
Good day my twitter fam
Ha, what's the opposite of #StreetCred? Not that he had any in the first place.
im at penn station im eatin with u shortly dont get mad
how can tay and I give you guys money to get some tanks! Lemme know! You guys come play in Nashville !!!
Bad decisions make THE best stories.
so y'all came to the gym to take pictures of you and your fat friend "working out" huh
Oh my gosh I was shocked and my fiancee thought it was hilarous!
Respect your elders.
fat meat IS greasy. :) That's another to add to list. Nice job on MSNBC.
Yet again blazer tix up for grabs !! I have a party to go to this time or I'd go some one make me an offer!!!!!!!! Please
it's freakin awesome; endless entertainment!
yeah mama hackin lil ke page to say HAPPY B DAY TOMORROW BABY SO EVERYBODY SEND BDAY S/O TOMORROW
The hell Gasol and Bynum doing? Get yall asses in the locker room
we approached em about just that. Unfortunately that's about all that's within our power to do! Hopefully they follow through.
Tomorrow Night The Grand Opening Club EROTICA 21+ Inside Heat Ultra Lounge in Anaheim Text 562-307-3589 For FREE ViP List/Bottle Service
Air Review, most confusing band name ever? "Oh, you want me to review Air?! Ooh, no, no you don't.
Yeah . THE NEWS Lmfao
I'm craving In&Out and Jamba Juice! Good thing I will be enjoying BOTH places in a month before I report to the MTC :]
You need a merchant account that can support Host Capture (Summit Platform). can help get you set up!
all zach randolph knows how to do is 'eat'
Almost back to the west coast! Im going to miss my j-lism friends...
Sitting on the bus, going home from work, thinking bout what to make for dinner!
#in I am on #oraclebigdata forum ...excellent sessions on Big Data
that was the best night ever!! are you comming back to the next one?
Be careless in your dress if you will, but keep a tidy soul. - Mark Twain
Ugh Im so mad at this kid he lost my Austin Mahone bracelet.He's gonna be died if he doesn't find my bracelet that bracelet means alot to me
now that I have my keys back! :D
hey man. we gotta band together in tough times. be strong, mane. be strong
wow . . . officially jealous :)
got you
we miss you and (mostly I do :3)
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
If I had a car, I would never stop driving!
Because it's loaded with unnecessary carbs. Plus, why not add another veggie into your diet?
“: #boycottMcDonalds” got your order wrong?
Me: Do you like Coon? Mr.Escobedo: No, no Coons are bad. They get in your trash and steal stuff Lmao
btdub, thoughts on the catsuit released today?
Where u get dat LSU beanie at
Wow.... good bye 1,000 followers. I guess I'm not worthy :(
Enjoy a day of sitting around in your PJs doing absolutely nothing. Sometimes a weekend is for nothing more complex than that.
also in 3 years will be when Back to the Future 2 took place.
damn humane society commercial made me cry
Seattle, I will be in you on Memorial Day weekend (-:
Williams Island is elegant and serene, featuring many amenities, including 16 tennis courts, 3 restaurants and a 27,000 square foot spa.
All my One Tree Hill followers and regular followers follow>>>>
Fuck #oomf for now he's not worth my time
Hello Ireesha: We are an admirer of your determination and abilities. Best of luck to you. Robert Speed Robert Speed Productions
I get all of my best thinking done in the shower.
I think they secretly like it :)
Usher - Climax, Confessions II ...
yea I figured it out eventually... hope your good, when are you going to be back on the east coast/in DC again? Miss you!
Hey! We hope everyone is staying hydrated & cool out there!!!
Ha okay i believe ya RT : I won't even say I'm sweet but I will say OLD I'm NOT!!!
I'm in love. end. of. story.
Productive lunch/coffee meeting with to discuss next steps and our upcoming events. Stay tuned for great things to come!
. The contract I signed to purchase a car yesterday disclaims all warranties. The car salesman had never read it.
I feel horrible!
You must post the list of songs, you know.
Oh, im ready too :)
George LaRoux has resigned as the varsity basketball coach at St. Lawrence Seminary in Mount Calvary.
First you have to pay to see me. (;
whether or not 's following me or not, I'm still #TeamBaeza that's all ! <3
That ESPN Michael Jordan commercial is classic...
If you remember Atlanta AM radio before the advent of "talk" then AM 1690 can sometimes bring back really good memories.
Thank you! West coast loves you!!
YES! “: #artbasel hangover cure from the spa: drink ginger tea to ease dizziness -- read all the top 5 tips here: bit.ly/utPYSV”
Everyone PLZ FOLLOW Kentucky's SON! Medal of Honor AND True Hero! REAL Inspiration to EVERY1!! Thank HIM for His Cont Service
We may be interested in said "stuff" - though I'm not sure if it's a pain to schlep down. We're now looking at 2br apts (tour today)
Sweet offer: is offering free hot yoga classes at RatioHQ. We estimate office temps to reach 115 degrees by 6PM!
In line outside Dunkin donuts getting high off the smell of coffee
Happy #FF everyone. Posting my favorite peeps soon.
"I'd live a different story...If you were next to me"
"dogs are always in the push-up position"
Annabelle rejoices! Big brother Luc home and WILL get the big hairy spider in her room. Don't worry--he's driving it out to the country.
give them short deadlines, to escape writer's block and deliberation. interview them rather than to ask them to compose.
This dude is hilarious.
im bored shitless today just got done wit most of the packing dont know i had so much shit
ha john cena is on:)
Good morning
Oh boy ptfc. This is real bad.
watching every episode of #thesecretlifeoftheamericanteenager so bored
Dinner at our house lol
Agreed just saw the trailer again RT : Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter looks not only awesome but entirely historically correct
I had the same thought.
Apply your individual pack of Patrick's Sunscrren at the pool before sipping on your margaritas!
If you are too drunk or tired to deal with seeing Hitchcock's 'North by Northwest' tonight, you always have SaTURDay and Sunday.
IF I DON'T SEE THIS VIDEO IN THE nEXT 5 MIN SOMEONE IS GETTiNG A HAMMERFIST TO THA DOME!!!!!!! Ah
how are u...follow back....
Yoo I have to give you my new number you'll have it by Friday my G or sooner
“: This Fri. Sat. Sun. Im Taking Over Boston!!!!… Catch me @ The Good Bar On Saturday Night alongside ” -KaBOOM
Disruptive Diner is a cross-disciplinary innovation salon. Tonite was about
“: Another long day of jamming some new tunes out with the dudes. Shits getting crazy!”
never heard of it lol
Never did think women were athletic. This sure isn't helping. #Virginia #JohnsHopkins lacrosse.
Did you carve my name into its tail? At least my initials? EWM. You can use the same sword motion to write all three letters.
Weiner has officially resigned...what should he have differently public relations-wise?
What's up with these passionate hugs Roger Goodell is giving everybody? Take it easy bro!
first class?!
Yup wasn't nothing but trouble anyway :/ RT : ditto for me. Except I never got to go around the block, lol.
ALWAYS Sam Adams RT : Should never take waitresses suggestions of beer
A pox on you, Easter, and all your sinful chocolates.
Playing L.A. Noire :)
Enjoy your sunscreen! Good luck this season!!!!!
Writing music on the beach
yea I am!
Backyard cleanup pt. 1 is done. LOTS of awesome salamanders back there!
RT LoveBrinda: if you're following Cassie,then I bet your retweet button is being constantly repaired.her tweets are epicl ...
Lower gas prices? Blame
Watching adventure time.... Love it
on my way for the thing!
Why can't we all just be friends?
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature. -St. Augustine
Make it a GREAT 1! RT : In this car ride with and about to go to work
Chiddy's new album is great!
Folklore Haunted House in Dallas, GA is open. Go and have a good time. While you wait, check out the posters!
American here from the NE, live now in Bahia mostly, but right now in Montana, family stuff - Where in NL? Where from in the NW?
Excited to have the join us for the New England Regional Meet!
True. It's probably best if I do the tweeting for both of us
she said man....... You know the rest I'm sure. ;)
sounds from your tweets like there's a lot of good stuff going on. you'll have to debrief me!
Where would Denver be without the ridiculous start in 3 point shooting?
Thanks for looking, !
sweet licorice! this magical fairy dust just made a #dinnerparty appear!
since when are you on twitter!!??
thanks for all the tweets this season. I hope ur covering the finals!
There is only one person who could ever make you happy, and that person is you. David Burns
Ima go to the movies and not give a fuck about anything
You'RE Tall, OMG look how short I am next to him!!!! #iGetAThatALot .... Lady get your stink ass away from me is usually my response.".
How is the NBA having all star weekend. Not even two months into the season? Come on man.
Ask "Why did it take 3 games to get EJ Fields involved in the offense?"
Open invitation to the photography studio upper deck tonight to shoot the moon☽★☾lemme know if ur coming☽★☾
Theres millions of girls all shapes sizes and colors.. I kno this but really i only see one and the others its like whatever... Love u achan
Got an interview with Susan Page and a Modeling Scout sunday!!!!!!!!! cant wait
Here's my philosophy "I'm going to blow my own horn, if not some one will blow me away."
These are my confessions Just when I thought I said all I could say My chick on the side said she got one on the way,.
at the head shop, eh? dave's not here, man.
Wow it's 20 Degrees cooler at #KingsIsland than in Louisville. Diamondback is going to be cold.
I am SO stoked for Mo and some bone marrow butter next week
Our church got bracelets & when u complain, u switch ur bracelet to the other wrist. It works! Makes u more aware!
only with online photo printing can you get five of something for thirty-six cents
get used to cracking up you're stuck with me for at least a year >:D
It's a way of at least implying that other points of view are entitled to exist. Bald statements can seem confrontational.
mate is one of my fav words, jussayin
Good morning
WHAT UP
Thank god I'm not dying these mofos are not answering their phones!
yeah I was there
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who at times annoy the shxt out of you
i think has a broken #tweetmachine...all it does is retweet.
not unless she wants me too.
the bastard ruined my 4.0 & I tried really hard in that god damn class.
nothing's ever been wrong with your vibe
it's ok on Wednesday's
Hal Varian: clearinghouses better than registries. More efficient. (Though I think they impose own "tariffs")
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
I just realized tomorrow is going to be a 16 hour work day. That should be fun
#oomfneedsto understand how i feel
Never hog tied a steer but I hog tied my nephew pretty well...can't be that different.
If an actor "hates" auditioning, he's not going to get many auditions. No matter how many times he submits. You gotta love the process.
Today we are celebrating Managing Partner,Gary Marcoe’s 52nd birthday.Visit S52 Coral Gables TODAY to enter to WIN a Chef’s Table Experience
If i dont show it doesnt mean i dont feel it...
Ugh, I just asked if we could take this amendment by consent.
I am so sleepy and I never go to sleep on planes.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Stop worrying about the number of followers you have! This distracts you from posting quality information.
Current reigning #NYMF Next Broadway Sensation Shawna Hamic www.shawnahamic.com shines in Get your tix today!
wow! you were there!?!?!
It does not matter how slow you go so long as you do not stop.
RT : sometimes free is too high a price to pay. / Put this on a Food Geek apron!
I just need one of those people who's shoulder I can cry on ..... And give me advice .
downsizing over the next few years, actually. there are tickets left for the second half of the night ;)
Sometimes I don't mind a rainy day. I know the sun will soon come
please follow me! It would mean the entire world 2 me!
DH just wrote that he passed his hearing test -- I totally don't believe him.
you dmed me back right?:)
": them got MAD potential. They are most definetly on the come up."
We get high
Spoke too soon, apparently. My train to Shady Grove holding at Gallery Place for unknown reason.
Computer Software tip for saving money - don't have to buy Microsoft Office - download MSoffice compatible OpenOffice at www.openoffice.org
Sending my love to Italy! Love you too!
Toleration: A Critical Introduction (Routledge Contemporary Political Philosophy) 8211 Catriona McKinnon download, .. <br /><b>Warning</b>:
Had a heated discussion with local pastor. Not my first time, but always uncomfortable. Reminded him we have to be balanced, unlike sermons.
The Earth without "art" is just "Eh". Miscommunication for the Masses. -The TV.
shhhh people don't know that! lol. ima give you a soccer picture of me <3. (:
Neil Barofsky keynote address at 3/25 "Policing, Regulating, and Prosecuting Corruption" on CSPAN2 at 2:08 pm eastern time today
They're off sailing, but I keep forgetting. I guess these are new yacht rock tweets, but that's what a fool believes.
Spring ending, but summer coming!
even if you don't try, you are just gorgeous
is this a song or are you being sentimental? Lol
Gotta get my shit together ASAP
Tonight the moon will the brightest it has been in 18 years
ok :) I love u babe <333
so what's up?
Saw Deathly Hallows part 2 today and bawled for a good half of it. "Always." Severus Snape <3
Sometimes it makes me feel unique and inventive.
Karen, thank you so much!
You can't fake your way through a digital presentation or podcast or iMovie-Mooresville teacher Debbie Page
Haha! Okay wasn't making fun of you but alright
Have a good show Louie!
Wow, what an awful dream.
Country Music Singer Lee Brice talks with Cherish - WALA-TV FOX10
It's beautiful and so is your husbands poem, 'Dwelling', so you put your house/shop on display each Sunday? It appears that.
Norquist on budget compromise: It's nonsense; won't happen; doesn't need to happen // this guy controls 98% of House and 85% of Senate GOP.
laser therapy
“: Nights that you end up being alone and bored <<<”
// Thank you, Kim. It's how I spend my time when I wake up in the middle of the night. lol
yeah i went this morning
Clearwire CEO: 'There remains a gap' between Clearwire and Sprint Clearwire ( NASDAQ:CLWR ) reported gains in subscribers during its thir
Back is a little better, still need a few drugs to get anything done...I think we may change coffee to Friday...
thank you for covering the presser on #sewergate - gross hashtag, important issue!
Yea I think my theory is right, y'all ladies is nuts from the womb to the tomb
Hope is emotional. Immediate help is tangible. #Hope is good for the soul, but immediate help is necessary for the body to survive.
nah, i will pun you to death :)
The way the Phillies are playing right now, it wouldn't surprise me.
Two out of three #diabetics can die from a #heart attack or
Nice one!
Stanford AD Bowlsby named Big 12 commissioner
Congrats on the job! And yeah, Ravens have quality DBs and RL52 so that should help young guys adjusting with pass rush.
There is a beautiful light grid of Abundance that encircles this planet. Take a deep breath and ask your angels to connect you to it.
where were all of my friends getting these UK ATL tickets? Internet.
We are trying to coordinate a huge campaign for cannabis. Could we count on you to help participate digitally?
Kinda. You'll find your way.
#whatifindattractive a man with manners
Break through your neighbor's fence with a turkey dinner. That's how you enter his gates with thanksgiving.
Like forreal, I can't say thank you enough. Lmao. It's a weird, but good feeling!
Across the street from the new amazon site. Maybe cooling towers for AWS?
I assume that's a no then. RT : O_o that sounds sick dude RT
A BIG thank you to everyone who came out to the Pet Fiesta today and showed their support for Pets for Vets!
love this. I don't know which one I identify with more :-0
Why do elected officials and staff get bent out of shape when "we the people" voice our opinion? Do they not realize they are the servants?
No valentine for me
ones for casual dumps and ones for intense
New followers, wussssssup?!!!!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Dental Floss and most oral care products.
Some fans the #Caps have. Triple OT and a bunch of empty seats visible in the lower bowl. Fill those seats !!
16 girls who date my uncle's wow way to keep it in the family!
hey Mr.Swaggerific! Thanks for following. :)
Happy Mother's Day! :)
My GPS says I went a little further... BUT I'M A HALF-MARATHONER!! I just finished a 13.7 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
RT : TEE OFF AT 10:10 AM: Fog delay has been lifted at PGA. Play starts in half an hour.
Hahah it's not about you if that's where you're going with this.
Any more shoutouts?
good! Just playing around with instagram. Hope all is well with you my friend!
Same! RT : Getting ready for the #styleliner reception in DC!
Moving toward more partnerships and resource sharing is the first great movement of the 21st Century.
RT : Since end of Oct >1,700 jobs have been announced in Greater #RVA: Capital One, CapTech , , HDL &
I wouldn't say 'stage fright', but I do get nervous each time. I think it comes with in the package, nervousness. Lol
Where to take the next big international trip - Africa, South America or Mid-East??
It's not the things we don't know that gets us. its the things we know that aint so,
no worries bruh
#verizon data down?
trying to get to SFO also. Damn delays!
“It is choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities” -Rowling ...what will you choose today? <3 #livetheattitude#
So blessed by my family!
Some songs on Chris mix tape should have been on the Fortune album
that would be the Class of 2k9 -- a group of middle grade and young adult debut novelists; check out www.classof2k9.com
im serious
what u getting
either drugs or drugs
The Rams shouldn't be allowed to go back to LA. Its not the same as the Raiders and they weren't appreciated while in LA
FORMAL WAS SO AWESOME!!!!! i had a great time with !!!
We have no one to blame but ourselves...
metadata as a graph - corey harper
gonna start coming on here more <3
$12.00 Thursday=Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens for the Arcade! Upgrade to Unlimited Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for only $5.00 more!
You don't forget the face of the person who was your last hope..
Any local comics you'd like to see at COBO? Post below (web links will help us find them) to clue us in!
Anyone else suspect that "vacation" is little more than a shift to the era. #I smell a rat #
Oh no , this girl might just get On my nerves today .
NewJackCity The realist hardcore movie of it's time!
Don't wait for government, force them to you. Transformative social change needs government.
same! Rock&cena match was alright just wish Cena would have won! Grrr.
Enjoy your day of relaxation :)
We are new @ twitter :)
#dh2010 What are these linguistic techniques that allow you to pull place names out of text?
“: A period shouldn't stop anything but a sentence.”this is why I don't talk to niggas after 5pm
#Obama on #TheView says he watches #MadMen and #Homeland on DVR & likes Guacamole & Salsa chips & French Fries. Michelle approves?
Bron must have read his twitter on the TO...
HAHAHA!! someone thinks their cool ;) lol bad boy :p that hot.. but your were so cute, i bet all the little girl were crazy
Bitch weres the Crack ?!!
would you be interested in making a friendly wager?
Music and Art Flourish at The Renaissance School, a Montessori School in Oakland, California
We will be there!
Thank you, Can you please help me make a list of the right people to ask? Happy Friday!
I think the belt shirts are #beltworthy. They look good!
middle of an abandonded barn in the middle of ghost country
I'm about to drink a LOT of terrible coffee
Famn I love hoarders
haha, I`m from Tumblr so I saw it a few days ago. It is very great. did a great job on it.
Heyy (: thanks for following! Let's not be strangers :3
Would you find it strange to ask that you respond to my tweet to encourage this micro econ homework? If not, I understand.
appearance continues to be a conversation during this struggling job market. Another confirmation.
And people wonder WHY I do them.dirty. smh. Oh well
I love being able to joke around with people and know that both sides are always gonna be good.
You are Mark!
Kindest prof award goes to for asking abt my health, sleep, etc.
Found a shop that carries the #fonic prepaid sim card starter package. Finally back in the cell phone biz after almost a week.
This girl think she bailing cause she just made it to 102 followers
The Sharpo Murder Mystery Dinner tonight in Altadena is dedicated to Peter Falk. May he rest in peace. One more, thing...We'll miss you, Lt.
evil is wise, be wiser...
I think I'll be able to come for a little bit. Maybe, if you are lucky, I'll let you see me.
One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother. Proverbs 18:24
I am following you.
If we did an event, how could we get agents to participate?
Damn, but I hope you're right RT What I tweeted is my personal opinion.. I am just as clueless as y'all...
Okay, the plus about today is that I am DONE editing chapters one and two (err for now anyways.) tomorrow is chapter three starts!
Then my mission is accomplished, O nemesis. ::evil laughter::
yes. Still beer and people left.
Sometimes I really wanna say to some people, "wtf is wrong with you?"
Through the common experience of the spectacular, social engagement can flourish.
If you can pronounce the place you work
Hoping to hear great news today!!
I think needs to get on Facebook more..
we got 9 scores recorded for you (ohp-sf)
... happy bday & i'm SO glad i met you on the other side of the world!
glad u having a good time over there. Tell Duke I said whaddup. Hotel still have guards w/Tech 9's?
AWESOME SAUCE!
anyone know where the tour bus's park at PNC bank arts center
lol your so nice! NOT!!
Shit I slip up all the time
well, I'm pretty honest about how not well the baby sleeps, at least
Communication keys from : Know peoples names.Eye contact. Use a talking voice. Relax body language. Use helping words.
awww that's okay ! So is Geo coming for sure ? (:
going to the land of the biebs/drake!! woot woot!!
If your left palm itches,you'll get money. CMON LEFT HAND,start itching lol
How are sales for March 17 going?
I really hope that my Northern Light latte was worth waiting 15 minutes in line for !! I needed a Friday morning #JumpStart!!
I'm getting a sign to show cars when I'm walking around Pdx that states: You are legally required to stop and let me cross.
Good thing you didn't come, Ms. Parks would have been on your ass today. But we did learn new moves.
Looking forward to it! (representing CCPE at #SoSlam and recent grad of PRCC!)
i know man, your pics have been making me so excited hahaha
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
#iwantyouback I miss you I here it all the time
So,this random #Texted me&said they were masturbating while smoking a cig....... Ew.
Putting all 4 #1 seeds in the Final Four on your bracket is not okay. Worse than declaring yourself a Yankees, Heat, Patriots and Duke fan.
el boogie homie. Ya just ell
Sometimes it learns to love
I don't want the whole world- the sun and moon and all their light
San Francisco was awesome. Hope to see you soon buddy. California road trip part 2: Yosemite. Going rogue with nature for a few days.
Learn Chinese for the day: 肚子 [dùzǐ] stomach
At the SMILE, HON: WASTE release party: SARAH JANE MILLER marvels at "the places you'll poo"...
Been missing out on sleep. Too nice outside. But tired. So tired.
To all you judgmental ppl... you don't know my life PERIOD
Had a few auditions this week at the larger audition facilities and they were deserted. Spooky.
Driving behind a Mustang on the way to work. Interesting turn signal. I had no idea that Cylons were really among us.
I am celebrating the fact that I don't have any kids going to school in Clayton County! What a Soap Opera!
SO excited for dinner tonight at CityGrit! It will be my first taste of cooking from , heard nothing but great things!
Vikings have a bad case of "fumble-itis!" Seems to be incurable!
Join us tonight at 8:30 for Rob "the Wild Boar" Moore!
You can come and vacation at my house. We have cats.
would you expect any less???
que chistoso! Translate that
I think is very beautiful but i would be scared to tell her how I really feel.
John Travolta wore the Canyon Group purple Wildflower chenille robe in "Love Song for Bobby Long," available at www.rosegardenboutique.com
A closed mouth and working hands will speak for its self.
thank you for all your hard work and bringing attention to this issue
just satisfied an intense & sudden craving for root beer.
Twice this wk coworkers used "powwow" as in "quick meeting." Do people have any idea what a powwow IS?
S/O to the family members who always bring soda, paper products, or a big bag of ice to the Potluck, (No food) and are the 1st ones to eat!
Yeah the early bird gets the worm but the late bird gets to screw Ms. Universe.
NE Portland woman gets car broken into, family mementos stolen, hoping you've seen them. Photos, albums, tapes. Let us know!
what move to Florida it's already been a yr from the time I said 2 yrs. that was February of last yr
I want to listen to my heart, but my brain just doesn't let me.
Nice. I'd go to that, but I'm not spending $50+ just to see Garbage and Silversun Pickups.
Ok so I asked her!
So I got the most beautiful "Mother to be" card from yesterday. Brought tears to my eyes.
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes if any debts are jointly or individually in each spouse's name.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!!!! It is a beautiful day to be in San Francisco celebrating
I'm having serious dog walker separation anxiety. Anyone have a trusted pup sitter in Andersonville?
9. Write on the sidewalks that you are Mrs. Bieber.
Colwell: open access journals like PLOS raise speed of schol. comm, interactions w/ authors, but must have good quality measures
I wonder how silly we would (or do) look to an alien race observing us.
": They laugh because I'm different, but I laugh because they are ALL the same."
Awesome! TY RT “: So many lovely things at #QBM11. We're definitely applying for the next market! Thanks !
I wonder if you would be my best friend. I would love that. You're amazing. Your the reason why I started acting and I love it.
Ur, that doesn't sound like cheese lol. “: Hey Chef what... is ur fav cheese to smoke ?” Maui gold!”
Personally, when it comes to David ~ GOP ~ Gregory, I Delete the Press.
Yo can you DM me your email, I want to hit you up about something
TOMLINSONS BUM, IT'S QUITE NICE.
I think I might won tillys best male pic they haven't posted winner yet
14 per in. Dem at 46 over Rep at 43. GOP learns important lesson 2nite: Don't screw with Medicare.
The Proof is in the Positrons: Positive Electrons, Anti-particles. Go wikipedia that shit..or wait for me to blog about it. I probably will.
Why do I have such bad luck with girls anymore
: My brother, I know just how you feel.
Ms. Rude Temp Job Interviewer, I would rather work at my old job at the bakery than for u. They give me Christmas off & are actually nice.
Dear boys...Jeffree Starr eyebrows don't look good on everyone. lol
Happy booze day! Um, we mean Tuesday: Happy Hour, 3-7pm & Half Off Wines by the btl, 5pm. Now you have something to look forward to, cheers!
when I found steve
Join Baltimore Real Estate Investing group for up to date knowledge! Commit & invest your energy & time working towards your wealth goals.
happy & sad at the same time .
On my way to meet at #Spin !!! SUPER EXCITED!!!!
good, besides drama.
Really feel bad for Bulls fans
It is a nice label for a couple that does not need or want to get married but still feels more than a bf/gf
- Hey John, when gonna let that goatee grow into a full-on beard?
Me and him are going to shot hoes
As of today I have officially survived 1 year in California without wearing feathers in my hair, becoming vegan, or starting a compost bin.
Help me, stop my tears, and I will sing your goodness. Lord, give me words and I will shout your praise
Time for work :) thank his For people and their weak immune systems of else I wouldn't have a Job ;)
It was one of the stranger realizations I've had in life. Happened a few months after she dumped my via text.
The Old Man and the Seagrams
Obama on past Barnard Commencement speakers: "You set a pretty high bar: Hillary Clinton, Meryl Streep, Sheryl Sandberg."
Pretty insane
Digitizing old stuff: first stop: copyright issues - Mary Minow
Can't wait to see you there!
We are the Champions...My Friends!! Go Giants
learning is ALWAYS mobile! It's about seeing content in the real world which means hitting a moving target w/ ideas & participation
thanks for the favorites!
Does that still mean I passed the class?
Great to connect on FB, too - done! We spotlight The Process on our FB, too - it really is an art! Thx guys :-)
I think he just went from luxury to necessity
I agree. Next time we will sit next to them and see what the hype is all about haha
Keep track of your intention:)
Hey follow back
Shame both sets can't learn from one another, I say
I hope the new owner of the Pershing Inn erased the video of me getting my friend to beat up Carlos Aguilar. He had a black eye for a month!
Warren ... this time they blogged linguistic attainments
So started the new media ball rolling last night; educators hear more from Will the audience respond?
hell yeah, that's why he my starter in FF...“: From September 11th RT Buffalo might be a sleeper this year. I like Fitzpatrick”
seen a lot of haters so u know haters gone come like the sun an the moon in the morning.
Love ya too! (:
lol oh yeah
Tickle tickle
So is the best and got me chocolates for vday...and i just ate the whole box
Cara wins!! This is proof that for a leader your fashion inner voice should be the last voice you listen to.
no it dont get much better lol. JOSHIE i got this coolies and cream chapstick that girls keep telling me smells amazing. hint hint
Wow whats up with Elliott's 5 Hole??? Looking like Fleury out there! Affiliate call up??
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 42
I missed that too. Was switching over to football
LOL. Keep it clean whilst getting dirty. :-)
LOL. You never know! :)
she needs to go get a job & lay off the surgery. Geez!
Hahahaha ohmygawd. A bird just pooped on this lady loading groceries into her car. Her reaction = priceless.
#realhappiness taking the 28 day challenge!
I remember years ago someone told me I should take caution when it comes to love, I did, I did.
hw would u do dat? lol im so all over u tonight im sorry :(
New episode tonight. So excited!!
hay hoe how u doing were u been probaly doing hoe stuff ckuse there u hoe again<<<luda
I got number 4 on repeat already
FINALLY off work. White castle sound good!!
Day two of cops posted up at 14th and U to give a stern talking to to jaywalkers...
y to tamlin (sp) rhe one with jared, + piper and cole's fight in the attic
hey girl. I miss you. If you're not doing anything tonight, i'm looking for a movie buddy!
Johannes Meister Eckhart~ If the only prayer you said in your whole life was thank you that would suffice.
then delete your late ass profile then
Hey #snl next time book and leave #lanadelray in the recording studio. That didn't work.
I could’ve sworn I spoke French but I was kind of wrong, I guess.
I want to call him so bad. But,he is my ex
back on twitter =P
I just want a white girl, that acts like a black girl, that dresses like a hispanic girl, and yeah...she has to be hot.
listening to hate me by
Just rocked to the set in LA via the interwebs. Two nights in a row isn't enough... New song "Let Go" is like crack to my ears
How can I do four more chemo treatments after all the hell of past treatments? I plan on living a long life & I will do whatever it takes
Thanks for the RT on the music video! hope you liked it
O free punches to the face?! I'll take one! RT Think i'm gonna have to go on the free punches in the face all week again
You can now get Martita’s™ Guiltless® Margaritas @ Lakerz Pub & Grill in Oconomowoc located @ 118 E Wisconsin Ave. Enjoy!
#facebook Geo-location is one of most debated topics due to piracy settings. fb is figuring benefits to your check-ins.
Angela Merkel just saw her pal lose his job
Sushi craving fulfilled :D
Ponder says mn has greatest fans in the world. Wants to be in mn rest of his life! Wants to win a Superbowl here
not many things make me happier than cheetah print
u can if u want idc
I saw you but no hug? 😭
Great to meet you last night despite the awkward elevator incident w/the guy, the large dog and the totem pole! (cc: )
Gotcha. What about tonight or tomorrow night?
RIP MCA #BeastieBoys My heart is broken.
Frick Park Market; where we kickin' out the garbage. 👍
Digital Gap: "shift website as a logistical tool to a destination to engage with art" Change with the museum mobile website?
niight love you long time
love that song!
"Are you ladies going up?" "Yes." "NO WAY ME TOO!"
you know it
damn yesterday was interesting, quickies, my alcohol tolerance disappeared, won some scratch on keno, & delicious guinness knockoff beer
#mythoughtsatschool thank god this smelly girl left my table
Me too(:
PDL clubs are holding tryouts now - have you contacted the LI Rough Riders?
What's really sad is that Pilar hits harder than Prime ever did
Next year then! Thx so much & sending u an Ole! desde
#IsTurnedOnBy Bruno Mars' Voice When He's Sounding Sexy :p :)
need to turn a fan on in this hizzhouse but my bronchioles are too inflamed
who is that miley cyrus put on twitter that shows people danceing some where
UWAD Barry Alvarez waa interviewed in the latest report on Chadima. He says he knew him like a son and was shocked by all the allegations.
I love driving to chicago....mainly so i can reclaim my mayorship of #supermix cc:
Things I don't want hear while at work that I know I will: lil Wayne, the word "nigga", and "how much are dem beats?"
Oh man~ D-rose maybe injured. Pacers all the way!
Could you give me a call? Over the phone? ;)
#808Pride if someone calls you ugly dont yell at them punch them cause action speak louder than words
you had me at hello...
Coding my XML midterm. Wishing I had picked something simpler. Goddammit.
Another way to enhance yr homebuyer customer experience: portals! Share building process, encourage communication, keep it all in one place!
Thank you...
I haven't smoke dro n a minute....
MT Obama called Sandra Fluke, insulted by Rush, but not Pascale Mauclair, attacked as "Worst Teacher" by NYPost. Why?
Even you are not rich enough, Sir Robert, to buy back your past. No man is.
We love it. Our fav is Huevo Mutilation, an actual menu item at our cart.
Found an iPhone 4 in the design room downstairs at #warmgun #warmgundesign Contact him if you know the unlock code.
Once you're nice to the weird kid.. BOOM stalked for life.
Believe strongly in and defend your convictions.* Always. * If they're right.
I voted for B magic... It was close but I think he edged it. Please don't sleep on roc.
Roy Waley up now. arguing for affordability and its positive impact on sprawl
Sunday Sept. 26th, 2010, I was in South Miami Dade County attending the antique auto show at the beautiful and historic Cauley Square.
"BeadforLife is blessed with people who bring a smile to the face of the vulnerable, hope to a struggling mother and ease suffering."
that is such a beautiful ring man! Congrats!!
So sad to hear that Whitney Houston died today. What a powerful voice she had way back when. Sad, sad.
Mitt Romney and his corporate capitalist freemrkt Ideologues think they have a chance...The truth about them and you exists ...and we know
Happy Memorial Day everybody.
why are you in a full suit!
The best of both worlds, I'm not spoiled but I have a loving family. But I'd say mostly Emma, I can mostly fend for myself.
"that look like money? Money be green." -D
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
I found out the name of the song it's called midnight city by M83 #justsaying hahaha :P
The kids these days are calling it swag I call it trillness RT : be prepared to be ragged on for days
We are gonna have to spend every day together! Today was priceless!! (:
Jst Got Dat Take Care & Cole World
My camera/s will be in SD, and I will be in LA this weekend. That is a good thing.
Back into the world of Hammock.
Leg 17 done!
yes haha. so NOW I'm going to sleep. Tweet you tomorrow :)
lol I have to keep up with you guys....Going away for 2 days but its business.
Cheers for that, Eric!
♬ Where ever you are be Noble, What ever you do do Well, Where ever you Speak Speak Kindly, Bring Joy where ever you Dwell --- Archie-Rose ♬
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?? PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you to reply.. :)
i've moved 12x as well soon 2004. i am so over it.
Erich Von Stroheim filmed Ending of "Greed" (1924) based on Frank Norris's McTeague in DV
Mitt Romney says we should be creating 500,000 jobs/month. Thats happened 5 times since WW2. Either hes an idiot or hes lying
We have six left. Rt: : Now I really want a cupcake."
So glad to hear it. I must call in back up, help for fun stuff this weekend please! &
#20ThingsAboutMe 11. I hate being single.
yeah. Which is why I do it like once a year haha. But walking to Starbucks in the snow is really fun :)
JT has been working on his Christmas wishlist... he's toting the latest catalog all over. Yeah, he's still just 4 years old.
sonic route 44 sweet tea hell yeah
Leon Wieseltier~ No great deed private or public had ever been undertaken in a bliss of certainty.
Farewell by Rihanna is such a good song!
haha, yep - that was me. Where were ya?
it's possible!.so many online publications! the hardest part is convincing yourself you have enough research to sit down & write
Broke in the saddle on my brand new bike. Great ride followed by a hilly run ended at Bascom Hill with
If you are a Reno developer and would be interested in meeting with Amazon recruiters, please get in touch
woah how did i get all these followers?
night guys
thank you! back at ya!
yea I seen that. Hope its true.
Up High AF Eatin Noodles Lbs
Oh....RT : , you are the only one for me. Our love is strong, like a Mai Tai song, and together we will always be.
Mint.com is my new obsession
Last year was slow on all work fronts, this year I'm blessed with an abundance of opportunities.
Hell yea dirty base. 
"we'll tell you what the plates are for... A little later!"
Is Giselle doing a prayer chain?
i need sum more followers 😔😔😔
HAPPY Happy Valentine's day to ALL THE GIRLS ON TWITTER...RT IF U HATE BUT LOVE..%LOVE%
yall should definitely tell my frand happy birthday because GUESS WHAT its her bday
Follow the discussion at NASPATech28 #
Just finished in the lab with and man did she kill it! Go on girl.
"Your consciousness fills up all of space and time."//Wow, no wonder I can't find a parking spot.
My mentions are dead! T_T
I would kill a man for sweet potato fries, quesadilla and Firebrick Brown Ale - half price, of course
UGH mine too! My arms and my neck. Looks so ridiculous.
at least I know it's not just me now. :3
Hi there twitter fans! Thank u all for the follow! Really appreciate it!
There's nothing better than screen printing on a nice warm day. www.inkscreens.com
And for some reason he will be touring with Drake and J.Cole this summer... RT : "Waka killed this song"
just got up from a much needed nap
I am no ordinary woman. My dreams come true. I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it!
Are you going to #CODiE12 #SIIA in San Francisco? Have lunch plans 5/7?
4 more illustration before sending the 2nd book to the publisher
Rubber ducky time
"When you broke they treat chu like a bad joke, niggas laugh at chu when they kno aint funny"
LOL that's and in the same tweet: RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: ,
Horse out front? “: There is a guy rocking a serious bolo tie at a Cincinnati Panera right now. #TXSwag?”
When google made the switch a couple months ago they froze my channel. I had to make a new one. So I'm starting over.
Omg ruben blades is on 106 & park!!!!! This is so coo!! And he was dancing with rosci with her fine self
(jen) Spent the morning training my new assistant. It's always cumbersome at first, but then: DELEGATION BLISS.
IM FUCKING GOING TO ROBLOX RALLY AND IM GONA BITCH SLAP THEM ALL
Thank you for the mentions! More updates to come :)
Some of us attended. We promoted the action here & on our website. We are in solidarity w/, & all riders!
no, we're pansies...synchronized erging (rowing machines)
I hate the way people are so critical and they never made the HS football team. I hope some comments empower him!! :)
: What's Nabby's Twitter account?
Hi Sara...happy new year and thanks for the RT. Hope your holidays were good.
snowing in Seattle. Cost a $1.75 to get here from San Diego today. drinking a Dead Guy Ale watching the snow downtown from the 28th floor
Woot! RT YAY! I'm so excited! My chubby baby boy needs some professional photos.
you should look to see if there are any teams!
Trin, you are a goddess. Im excited I get to keep up with your awesomeness :-D
RT : Thursday: Join us with for the Wild & Scenic Film Festival It benefits
Same reason the Mandarin Sunday takeout is! #wishyouwerehere RT : I hate you pizza!! Why are you so delicious??
IS A HOT MO-FO! ...remember me from Falcon?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
<< cant stand a nigga that is always bitchin '
Getting Abby's new beta fish settled in its bowl.
is previewing the exclusive 88nine iPhone app and new Web site in his preso at 1:50
In need of any awesome dance partner for the dance party!! Vandy? USF?
Congrats to you and your teammates. Simply amazing! Can't wait to see you back in the Kohl Center next season.
That's one
Way to young to be stressing over stupid shit
Joined 's wine club today. They have a spectacular lineup of wines -- one of the best lines in Oregon!
There is no girls at fort walton beach :(
oh ok.. then HUG HER, that way she'll still know what shes not wearing.... but she might think your CRAZY & NEED LOVE... LOL
Mother's Day brunch with and the rest of the Bevan ladies !(:
Yes, liberal arts rule the world!
#milwaukee the snow seems to be slowing down! Time to salt, shovel and dominate #wegotyoucovered at A. Fillinger Inc.
Om gosh! My ringtone just scared the crap out of me, its my sister singing bitch(:
Love the people who treat you right.
thanks for the follow....we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
Hopefully she's a Denver fan but I doubt it lol ---> RT : #Game7 let's go let's go let's go!!!!!!!
Make sure to flexx at the shoot. And lets work
it would be really refreshing to see Tim Burton make a movie where Johnny Depp plays the lead role of a dark but overall lovable outcast.
It's #FaceBook Day. Put me down for 200 shares at $38-45. Easy money for hard working musicians.
Well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
i mean like yeah hes alright
This is not happening. Maybe the Glee kid's come out after for the 'real' finale. :(
haha yeah yeah yeah. That's that player sht smh.
I could be persuaded if you are in ;-)
Man what I would do to get my hands on a I so want this
never mind
I just watched you kick over that sailboat picture. Fucking classic.
goodbye then.
.....at this second, there is a teenage boy somewhere out there, just for her, slumped low at his desk, tapping his foot,....
Can I watch The Hangover before bed?
volleyball tryouts two days :) yes!.
Excuse me if your gonna talk to my cousin , you have to get through me first (:<
some things just make me go
NOW STREAMING JOHN MAYERS NEW ALBUM IN FULL 😄😄😄😄🎸🎧🎸
I saw your tweet before you deleted it, but thank you x)
I feel like this will be a good year.
I think he just means "reference when an extreme lens length is used"... I'll talk 90% about sound anyway and call it a day.
36 point font in an email is unnecessary.
Walking around and gettin it lol
When the only person you want to talk to falls asleep<<
i already told u
that's great! glad to hear it went well--now you can relax for the rest of the event!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Kaiser Gates ⁰Rising 10th ⁰Johns Gates, GA ⁰Travel Team: Southern Kings ⁰Small Forward 6’6
The new freelancers keep bringing in new business. And even though I miss my sleep, I'm grateful for the work :)
That's what my daughter is in too. :-) ": in 2 months Haily Hawes will be starting college and taking forensic psychology/Crimin...
Just booked tickets to MN to see my new niece. SO EXCITED!
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen your crush texts you.."Hey I have something to tell you.." :))
about 20 feet down the hall....lol
Customers know when they have questions about Home Heating, Home Cooling or Indoor Air Quality, we have the answers! Contact us!
ok time to stop playing around & get back to my 'real wedding' planning. The wedding gown must be worn somewhere! 💝🎉
seemed like a formality & not much more, right?
Because something itches in you to tell stories via writing? Because you savor being immersed in deeply felt writing?
Morning tweeties... It's almost Friday. ;)
now now brown cow
Reading email.
follow back? <3
Not a thing! RT So it's not even 10am & I'm already thinking about a beer at tonight. Anything wrong with that?!
I would give the violence isn't the answer speech but sometimes it's needed.. LOL
Healthy ecosystems support growth not just for the host, but for all contributing. I think half of the mobile ecosystem is unhealthy
#ThingsThatINeed Money that grows on trees :)
i really despise waking up at 6:00 everyday during the week
It's the truth! Plus, I love seeing Kendall's adorable face! So cute
I looked at your trailer, it looks good, when does it come out, who wrote it? I can't wait until I create something good also
going to look..
Waiting to finally meet with insurance about the hail damage to my car several weeks ago. This is going to be more interesting than expected
A friend just said to me....children are like poems, only their creators really like them.
Follow us on facebook @ facebook.com/tebowtees
yep very busy so far, hoping things will calm down a bit now it's April! ;) how about you?
Too excited for tonight.
Lets go Brewers!
One more final tomorrow then i am outta here!!
Marvelous Irish music here on Johnson Avenue in the Riverdale section of the Bronx.
I want to talk you if you are renewing business telecoms or requiring new ones, Landlines, Mobiles, Broadband or Systems. 0844 880 2010
We are balancing work and fun, hope your small business is doing the same!
Someone should text me! Keep me company while I play Xbox.
haha! Love it.
can't wait to celebrate Valentines Day tonight Bella
There is no LPW I or LPW IV class tomorrow. Please check your email for information from your instructors.
Oh you dont know me I just saw that ppl were telling you Happy Birthday so I decided to be nice and tell you.
I will hit up Kevin later this week. I just signed up today for the conference.
That is awesome!!
Lindsey vs. ETRADE. What's your VOTE. Shout it out!
lmao you are a mess! Where you getting tatted at?
Ugh! Why do #Seattle drivers get all stupid when it rains?
I'd buy it.
Watching RuPaul's Race!
In A Demonic Ass Way
oh I get so excited by job talks in the engl dept. young profs giving their best work! (&that we are hiring again! take that phd market!)
Haha! Yes, yes & yes. Meet me! RT : Is there a riot? If so, count me in? Know where Irsay lives?
Great to put a voice to the tweets, ! I was bound to run into you at , a wedding, or a restaurant.
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY! Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....alot of fun, sales, & goodies on The Avenue today
How to Handle Little Liars - Wall Street Journal: Or they might give mixed signals, such as, "Get A's at all cost...
Ugh, Getting tired of hearing about Tim Tebow! I don't even watch football!
She said can u eat my pussy whoa pump ya breaks ain't u on your period
Got a Gangsta on a Mission... Best believe I know all da right positions Aaayyee
Oh goody. A sunny weekend and Downton Abbey.
Five hour connect group? Don't mind of I do. Oh wait, I just did. So blessed by
NexGen soundcards i dont like you today... If i made Seacrest money id care less lol...
finally going to go see project x tonight
Jay Beagle is "day-to-day" and his status for Game 7 or traveling to Game 7 are uncertain at this time, according to Dale Hunter.
So that's what I'll do
#WeirdFactAboutMe I always give out big money tips for nice waiters/ waitress
Man City 1, Man U 0. A great day for little brothers everywhere, or at least those with billionaire benefactors.
Just got my hair cut. :)
My boyfriend is my prince. He is my entire world and I love him with everything I have. I have no idea how I got so lucky <3
You don't have to please me, just pick up my tab. Don't have to go too fast, Just change my life.
Ah the VMAs. This is one night i'm extreme glad I don't have a television.
#unitedairlines - they're too busy painting planes - oh, no wait - they did that first before worrying about customers!
So disappointed in myself.
Aww so cute. 😊
I like Jones, but Hendo is the first fighter I ever liked. Even before UFC was popular. He can win, but it'll be tough.
that yoga retreat in Italy sounds divine! I might try squeezing it into my summer schedule. Thx for the info.
Reading some internet on the iPad and then going to bed
tell ME about it!!!
Girl to her brothers on path who are ignoring my bike bell: Move! Can't you hear she's jingling her way through!?
I really hate Mondays.
Happy Anniversary!!
would go to facebook and look up Trysten Abdulghani and im not spanish im american well indian with irish please look at me
One of the best seasons.
If you get yourself into a pickle just barrel through it.
truth that cockroaches and sex geniuses will be the last survivors in a fertility malady (not sure I belong in this chat)
Casting Crowns tonight! Going to be awesome!
yes, i think that every time i see graffiti! they should apply for jobs as stunt-doubles :)
Gazala Chinwalla wall street banker turned artists, born in Mumbai lives in NYC
lol wat up hoe I miss yu imma be going over my brother house lyk every weekend so x his house close to yu so imma meet up w/ u
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Rev Martin Luther King Jr
I cannot stand to be ignored.
Happy Friday to you :-) RT : Thanks for #FF. Right back atcha! Happy Friday, ! :)
Let the phone ring 6 times so you wont seem desperate ")
I should probably start my work.
just a little hangout on my patio w/ friends. #nbd Por que you aren't painting the town?
Thanks, and back at ya!
LOVE their appearance in Avengers #167! Great art by and Pablo Marcos!
plug ins called Speed, Pitch N Time
Hey hey :)! Hope you had a wonderful NY :)!
Really tired. Better go to bed soon....
RT : "Life is a #fashion show, the World is your runway" ~Marc Jacobs
To G Class or not G Class that is the question...
Excited to learn more about Google Places at #smbmad. How do you use Google Places?
If it's more than five feet away... it becomes unnecessary .
Great read on copyright and ownership. "Common as Air: Revolution, Art, and Ownership" by Lewis Hyde.
Heat looking like pure shit right now
love you too!!
How do we conceptualize automated intelligence, and also discuss the anxieties that circulate around this figure?
hurray! What a good feeling!
You are now through the looking glass!
I had to switch,from blue to bud, sad day ...they dont have blue down here:(
Just received the book GRACEWORKS by my friend in the mail. I'll post quotes during my read to encourage y'all. Thx, Tony!!
Great to have two TV clients succeed at same time tonight: XFactor and CNN Debates. And both trending topics too!
Kanye Jay and Wiz are THE BEST RAPPERS ALIVE okay.... kay.
your welcome. And that's what im going for, giving people that tingly feeling.
HEY FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE
Thanks!! Glad to see some Chicago sites up there.
thanks;) it was really great to meet you briefly!
What's your stock tip of the day? I know you have one. I promise not to say who told me
Its freezing in the office today. Can't wait to go to VA and see my family.
“: So I'll just tweet today... Not too many calls or text are gonna be answered sorry”it be like dat!
Also, can release to public domain at any point if bk isn't selling and we don't want to do any more editions.
Every body gotta learn from themselves n ur own mistake ain't nobody gonna hold ur hand thru life get up on ur own too feet
Rebel Morris sounds like a sharp-shooter in a Western but she is a former paralegal doing a bang-up job with her blog on the unidentified.
Seein dmx break down like this crazy. I feel for him I can't wait to see him sit with his mama next week.
We love how #madmen still applies to us!
Welcome to the Tweeter!
dwindling supply of followers!!! damn!!
As it should be! Thanks for mentioning us, Todd!
are IN.
Murphy: Chapbook publishing is about stamina and how much money you're willing to spend.
#GoTribe 5 days till opening day, go tribe!
Bradidtude takes on Lela Rose. Love me some Rachel Zoe.
where's that?!
been very busy today.i need a break for everything.
Just finished getting the last thing on my list at
This one is for the boys with the boomer system , Top down AC with the coolest system,
I weight 135 I need to drop 10lbs to get back to my normal weight idk where the fat is but it gtta go lol
Not only that, the red labeling is fainter, more spread out, and fragmented, meaning that the synapses themselves are misshapen
I'm going to hold myself hostage in Qdoba eating yummy food while writing. Feel free to join me if you're hungry/miss my face.
Sometimes you have to watch your dreams slip out of your fingers and into someone else's hands. Guess it's time for a new dream...
What do you do when something can't possibly be any more awesome? You light it on fire and watch it burn.
“ Think I mite wear shorts 4 graduation”
I turned spell check off so I'm most likely spelling everything wrong. Oh well, oh well.
": In love with 's tweets to right now." Ya jack luv meh
Chest pain so bad had to go to the doctors but so busy had to leave to open my store.
Will Batman blow it out of the water?
What software do you use to keep manage information you find online? Looking for a few good suggestions to explore.
Duck and cover!
": I just lost tic tac toe to a 7 year old . Twice . Lol wtf" just say you let him win, then its not that bad lol
I want my shirt so you know where my advice goes haha
No worries there, I will.
hahaha! Thank you so much!!
Have a great time!
'' When i'm out the country niggas call me ne-kke , hello it's nice to meet me '' Like'd that line for some reason , lol
it's a guy
Such a beautiful day in Vegas! I have a feeling it's going to be a good one!
RT : Dear 16-year-old me...1 bad sunburn before u turn 18 doubles the chances of developing melanoma...get to know your...
Pacers yelling "and one" after every shot. I don't think it's working, guys.
These guys are terrible and so is Puffy or Diddy or whoever he is this week.
not yet. free registration? If So, I'll register tomorrow.
and our engineering programs are pretty great too!
Fresh 2 def. .. Verbal Finesse mixtape is in the streets!!! Get Ur copy!!! Fux wit us!!!
friend of mine just went, might be moving to Dubai...her pictures were amazing
Yes! RT Andrea Martin is a genius. I have to work with her one day. Have to. Simple fact.
Nathan Zeldis, the current speaker at Boyercom's keynote address in NYC; has been helping #corporate leaders w/ e-mail for nearly 20 years!
Editing on "Montgomery" is looking good! 1930's are about to come back in a ridiculous way!
Its the climb <3 :')
Hahah though I love the look of a nice pair of Pumas, I prefer Nike when it comes to running shoes!
I would not have been fun tonight...been working late all week...hike this weekend?
They wanna se me dead but I gave them dedication
Slapping this al casino in Vegas its only rite.feel me.
msnbc late-night programming normally does the trick
RIP RT Carl Beane, best known as man behind the microphone at Fenway Park, killed in single car crash in Sturbridge, Mass.
Hart just went yard off Wainwright! Great start to an awesome day with my daughter at Miller Park.
WHERE'S MY UNDERWEARRRRD?
Wishing you lived in New York, LA or Miami, because Austin is ALWAYS there.
I think also wrote something similar, & better, about his own Romney conversion. I don't have the link, but I'm sure he does
The real winner here is each and every vegetarian restaurant in the D.C. area.
Lmao RT : Nuggets will pick n roll their way into a mismatch, then go one on one.
is so underrated
Glad you enjoyed yourself We will see you around soon!
You actually had me believing in you, believing in us.
i love u G. With all my heart and i will always save u even if it means i die.ill be ur dashing knight u'll be my princess
chix 1st time on grass w/me as protective mother hen. they have gd skills!, scratch,peck,try to hide when a dog barks nearby. vry cute!
Kristen Bell is finally fully vegan! I care about this so much more than I should.
nothing, never mind.
nope all i know is how to count and buenos diance. and sea.
Oh man. Obama is telling me to go back to school. A challenge? I would like to meet his goal.
RIP Elizabeth Edwards!
WI state senator: "historic school aid reduction in Wisconsin is the second largest per pupil cut in the nation."
no atl I moved to union city over the weekend
You are surrounded by easy, apparent solutions that could dramatically augment your earnings, power, influence and success.
Okay patiently waiting for your reply...
: what a helpful article. Thanks for tweeting. I will have to print it out and hang on my fridge.
i feel like most occupiers are still paddling against the mainstream... time will tell
I love watching my 23 year old boyfriend lean back in his seat and fall then five minutes later do it again.
Teaching community bodywork and herbal stress management tonight. Backpack brimming with herbs!
/ thanks for the FF love!
good night my #beliebers and and remember to
was right about ...excellent customer service today; great meal and atmosphere...: )
"i need a smart girl with a dumb booty" so this is what i've been doing wrong all these years.
Thanks so much Lindsay! I'll tell Connie that you liked it.
It was so good we can't remember the year!
Steve Jobs' death reminds me: If I'm not making some people angry, if I am not failing, I am not doing enough to realize my potential.
Woke up late and missed the legend of korra:(
Time to do a little bit of laundry and pack. It's my last day with Grandma. I'm excited to leave but I'm going to miss her.
What are u doing?
Attend a high-enery live show & watch Black Dog Prowl do their thang TONIGHT I 8PM I $10 I
I officially LOVE this day lol
It would be easy if I had a delete button on my heart.
I miss #BlockBuster. I wish we still had one in decatur.
#itsawkwardwhen some farts in the subway! In
Shopping with Samantha Allen!!!
Lift off
RT THIS GET DAYDREAMING TRENDING!!!!
ADD ME ON FACEBOOK IF U HAVENT ALREADY FOR 21 AND UP www.facebook.com/ChristNazon
Milwaukee Habitat volunteers! Tell about how your volunteer to help our partner families to help us win $1,000
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything." ~ George Bernard Shaw
hope you are well my friend. Look me up if you are ever in Orlando. We'll do lunch with Dwight LOL
omgg that need to be my motive cause i have issues with goin off on emotions
Ihate this feeling I get...
I could go for some coffee and cookies right now. :)
I know so .
whoa, you guys did the Kony 2012 video!?
I find them to be to sweet most of the time.
Don't make me sad. I haven't forgot about you. :p
Do it...race fans will know
For fun and entertainment
BEST SHOW
Thanking the gods of Taft Hartley this evening.
luv to & for sweet notes and support...
Had an awesome time with our friends in Saginaw!! God is so good!!
I sometimes talk to myself.
is like Santa with blonde hair hahaha
after 07 championship i was on his flight to denver---boise. He and his fiance were so awesome. His entire arms were bloody!
We love you. No really we do. To celebrate we're offering you $2 off a subscription to the rag using promo code WELOVEYOU2.
omg that looks like heaven on a plate!
I know, I have no friends.
So the guy I had a crush on at work happens to be 35 and married.
I was 6 or 7 " : To pierce or not to pierce: that is the question. What age is okay for little girls these days?
Last day at el Centro!
Completely exhausted but my mind won't shut off. It's spinning 'round like a hamster in a wheel.
Grandpa Vitale's answer to every problem...put duct tape on it! :)
I hope you find what your lookin for
Amazing interception! We got this!
duet Bari sax Gm improv; tuba singing into bell w/ words "house, crisis, duress, digress"; 2:57.
me too! It was a reaction to meds... At least I know not to do that again - ugh
doesn't matter! Who is the other random girl here?
Why yes, I would like a cowboy for my birthday. #maybe #hesacutie ;)
watch aaron.tv
2010- The #BP DEEP WATER HORIZON
great work. It was inspiring.
High school band concert soon..
I can't sleep, I'm going to work on my twitter background :3
why so much hatred towards you from all these tweeps?
I don't have the book yet. A few dudes are gonna go in on it with me. I have listened to all the podcasts and read a million..
#Grindependent! LolRT : art thou shall save thy bread and then invest in ones self,
people still complaining about facebook - just use twitter!
And Hudson played with Lorraine Bracco's dog this morning. Who else will we see today?
looks like your account may have been hacked!
is hiring in Ft. Lauderdale: Litigation Consulting Manager (Family Law) at Kaufman, Rossin & Co. - Miami/Fort Lauderdale Are…
thank you! Happy Friday to you!!
finished Inner Circle, good story, was that the end or will we hear more about Clementine and Beacher in another novel?
You honestly think the #Orioles organization is trying as hard as they can to win?
Chillin outside on couches
Tim Tebow who? Out in Colorado Manning Mania is in effect...and Tebow isn't even gone yet. Ouch.
When does someone start sponsoring the walk up 18 in a major final? Seems like a premium brand could own that during coverage.
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
Hi Darren, just spoke to your cousin, Dan. Please feel free to call +1-773-828-9544 or if you send me your # I will call you
I saw this guy at the after-rehearsal reception who looked EXACTLY like Gabe from the Office, only short and blond.
sounds like a great Monday. Enjoy the rest of your week Chris! The is certainly a workout...phew!
It’s not everyday you find someone who can deal with my bullshit. Hahah
Chili cookoff today with my favorite girlies :) Everyone needs a few weekend indulgences.
"Clutter" may be a bit of an understatement. Big-time downsizing happening starting tomorrow!
Love my new phone but have no clue what my number is...
we have a free trial for 15 days .. yogatailor.com RT : I wanna join a yoga class ! A FREE one !
Whoah. Portal 2 is $6.79 right now. My purchase procrastination is always richly rewarded. :) (Tonight's plan: play Portal 2.)
damn you got swag;)
Men have cup sizes?
did u realize it was 4yrs ago this week when we first met in Billings, MT? Think of how much better your life could have been.
Death by PowerPoint. "Too many slides? You have no power and you have no point." good one!
It's Me music video starring is in rotation on Centric & Music Choice. Dir. by edited by
You finally back to the caffeine?
Join tonight at 5pm and be a part of how God is impacting Austin, TX for Christ! We will see you there!
coming back from stellar presentation & grateful to have such a vibrant & passionate team!
It was Rory Cavaille who blocked it. And it was in 2009.
I think maybe you've been spammed?
sounds like the streets of Allston!
no problem! please check out our music video www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
If I were running a bank robbery, my go-to phrase would be: "Okay, this will only take a second..."
Omg!!!!:) i think im in love with oreo cookies!!!:):)lol
rare collector's item, thanks for the support!
#15peopleilove She's so nice to talk to and a great friend! also a great writer as well :)
I am now in possession of the One Ring...
Congrats to and for having the two best #SXSW trade show booths. Funny that they are both mobile case makers.
computer repair team : heading out to mira mesa to take care of a pending service request. laptop service.
ha it's aight. No biggie. Your cute :)
Had my windows open, then my neighbor decided to cut his grass. In other words, my room smells AMAZING!!
A Marketing analysis dives into the needs and wants of potential customers, as well as your competition and the percentage of the market...
I can't make u like me...n if I hav 2...Do I really want u 2?
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite student of Hogwarts? Harry Pizza.
Jeremy York of on future of research libraries.
hello! Do I know u?
I think I have a stalker
Spending my weekend in the gym! Houston Hoops v D Gib Hoops as we speak - #Adidas Sweet 16
SNOW!!!! Havent had snow for 2 years.Wish I lived in Minnosota so i could see snow almost evry day
but any whoo you found me lol!
Just Got on Linkedin!
Thanks! Downloaded and ready to deploy, now I just need a printer...
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
I'm gonna memorize rap in feat "look at me now"
I feel like theres still bitches that owe me sex.
it was pioneering in a legal sense if nothing else.
There's a special place in hell reserved for those that try to board a subway before everyone has gotten off.
We're celebrating Halloween all weekend! What are you this year?
Elie Wiesel: Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: “Do I have the right to represent the multitudes who have perished? Do I have the right.."
feels that the "like" feature on Facebook is meek. Seriously? In a word, "Meh."
TONIGHT!!! Angry Young Men Ltd. will be putting on their Full Frontal Puppetry variety show at Solstice Theatre! Check 'em out!
A couple of more weeks
It's an AMAZINGLY beautiful day here in #Chicago. The sun is out and shining-- i just wanna shout out in the streets "MERRY CHRISTMAS!"
how r the boys?
#oomfneedsto go to hell
Nope, that was not my quote. Just 1 in response 2 my posting opposing sources u provided. Checking the respondent's reasoning
If PhiPhi wins tonight I'll never watch again!
change that to anyone.... no whining.
That is probably the most truthful statement ever spoken.
My lease is up on my car in July and I need ideas! Can't wait for the tomorrow!
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows - If I fail, if I succeed-At least I live as I believe ... RIP Whitney.
RT if you're passionately against
no sorry
Thanks for the mention. We just started following your pins, great work.
small room, butt load of people, sweet hangs, and dennys after, you can't go wrong
thank you! RT“: Watching 2010 summer of love <3 i love this show so much!! X”
My cousin's a mess , Just Read your tweets , #Hilarious , Be safe Love you Tho
truly looking forward to my quarter day. please share it with me??
Here's how it going to be: The next time you see me I'll only be capable of speaking in Third Eye Blind lyrics.
hey check out
Better than the two gorillas that host it.
lol RT : I Know Said Don't Ask Him For Beats & Shit.. But I'ma Ask For 1 Anyway
I wanna be on a beach next week. But instead I'll be at Merry Magnolia. Yay.
what's Gila mean!?!?
O yes, is majorly awesome. a necessary stop for next time you're in my city
Snored all through the night...woke up with no gas...weird...Blodwyn...
what're u doing in Los banos?
what happened?
At least you know it will still fit! End-of-semester stress-eating FTW.
in need of a drink or two tonight
Order sent to Nichole in IN!
“: Hope Jacqui wins prom queen & not some "other" bc that sh*t was OC ridiculous last year! lbvs”
mm hm
he doesn't know what anything is lol
You are important! The world is a better place with you in it.
Can't go -- I'm in Chicago for my cousin's wedding!
we'll be hanging around the merch table now and then during the gig.
Miss You Too !
Are Bengals the favorite in AFC North now with Suggs injury?
discussing live how community grieves a sudden death even through empathy as a parent #askTVDr your questions about grief.
Last year I made a "pake" - chocolate cake surrounding a cherry pie or the "cher" in cherpumple. I shared some with
relaxing then heading to my best Marys house for the evening :)
Ha! Indeed.
I have a #tebowner right now.
because I stayed in hiding until it grew out... ;)
Sixers win 82-81. Take game 2 series tied 1-1!!!!! Coming back to philly watch out Boston
Thnx bro!... I'm always looking for new work. Want to expand my #freelancephotography mos definitely. Let me know...
Seth Smith is on Fire
Just saw Cabin In The Woods and I was happy I went in spoiler free! Fun movie & there were only 4 other people in the theatre.
Big double through CL with slow played AsA I raise turn all in and somehow fade js8s on ts8x4s7x #bcpc 1.4m pot
#iloveobamacare because my 21 year old daughter doesn't have to pay three times what I do for insurance because she's on my policy.
thanks for the RT!
Thank you. Could you follow us back please!
Great introduction for the Steelers....Black and Yellow!!!!!!!
I want a Reese's
#ff Worship leader new
if you say so...
Barricades practice! vote for us over at marcyboston.com to help us open for marcy playcground!
I almost forgot about this. Great reminder this Christmannukah season!!
French exam tomorrow, shittttt
i so agree he is the best
never date a girl who is promiscuous. All they want to do is fuck and give it up
M Beginning Of February I Think
Your tweet pic rocks!
that's what I would expect to display to look like on "Classical Piano Hero" helluva game that'd be
I just don't want Hirsi as the face of the revolution. Structurally flawed. LMAO.
The time to beat at the Dual Flush Retrofit was set by Domacio Nogales from Monterra...29.44 seconds - what?!?
nice... Looks like u could use a hand or mouth
Oh good - glad you made it! Isn't it?! We're excited to see it open & full of life again!
Amazed that Uganda is trending on twitter!
So sorry to hear that. When I treat patient with this kind stones I use a formula called "dissolve KS" from Evergreen Herbs.
New and old officer corps meeting tonight. Love to see this.
I love john mcclain great football acumen and really cool person....consider him a great friend.
I move back and start training next Monday!
Check out clothing for children with tactile sensitivity. Way to go #AlexMerlino !
Penn state blue band member Kurt Cleckner, who played hail to the lion for paterno ceremony is interning at Carestream Health in Rochester
see you there! & naaahhhh. I wish tho. I was just asking.
Thankful to see another day
Haha I'm sorry! Did you talk to him ? We could do it tomorrow if you want babygirl.
on NW Sports Tonight right now!!
I've seriously made up my mind
I got it done by a pro while at the Cook off over the weekend. I dont go out much to get jewelry & they had a Piercing tent
I don't care if people take them, I just wish I didn't have to know about it.
Bruno Mars is our winner. Brunz you are the best. God gave you an awesome gift. Thank you so much for sharing it with us.
fellow jay severin fan, Tweeter, conservative smart ass. follow for follow?
Stupid hungry right now!
and thanks so much for coming out and supporting us!
#outlook #calendar on your pc dropping appts from outlook cal on ur mac and vice versa? is fixing that for clients
Schedule for the ECF's is out folks. By the time the rested B's finally take the ice at TD on sat, it will have been over a full wk.
Getting heckled for not knowing about the Labs 'Right-side chat' toggle. It's pretty cool, check it out.
RT “ "That's why you don't hire an intern to run your F500 social media" continuous education for all senior staff
dont lump us all together. only jose refers anyone by their intern number
Thanks for the
Butler basketball ..... can hardly believe I am here.
oh heeeyyy there. Fancy meeting you here.
I always wanted to go to London.
Thanks to OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Always happy to be your designated driver, making sure you live to party another day!
u should really follow hes so talented just like you #justinfollowaustin :D
The apartment looks a bit better, still have to do the laundry haha. Just gonna wait to do that until gets home :3
thank you!!
If you're looking for a predictable guy, I'm your man. That said, it will take about three years for you to get to know me.
Twitter wud cut us off RT : I'm speechless.We should have been tweeting her comments all night. I love this woman
I'm faithfully working out bro I plan to loose at least 10 to 15 while I'm here
Grammy's were pretty good, except noone else won except Adele!!!
The waiting period begins, that is the time between seasons of #NewGirl. Is it over yet? Can't wait that long.
If you wanna treat, my cookie is vanilla
Don't mind at all. Go for it!!
Everyone, have a fantastic evening! You may catch me a bit later. :)
Somewhat new ladies fitted tshirt drops today!!!! Get ready
M-Geough is joining & over 1000 cities in 40 countries around the globe to celebrate World Car-Free now through September 24 2011.
If the double firing is Lisa & Aubrey let me know so I can watch the show again!
thanks for the follow and hello from CA.
That's what I do RT : That one person that always puts a smile on your face :-)
**RT2WIN CONTEST** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & more on 4/11!
Talking to #RAIDERNATION and flippin from one game to another on TV. I hope to sleep well tonight too. Eating bacon sandwiches
Oh god, that crazy, almost Janice-esque laugh.
I see
yep that's the homie
Bill Russell has more rings than the bobcats have wins
Someone's paying attention....sharing our articles before they've even hit inboxes :) Consider us impressed!
Like our page on Facebook and find out more....
im confused
The fact that i paid full price for that book when it came out....grrrr
MILE HIGH CITY STAND UP (:
Belmonte has the best waffle house on the planet
that was a beautiful animation! and it was so nice to get to talk to you and learn more about your projects :)
fallin' asleep to justin's beautiful voice;-) #TurnToYou <3
Huge fan of your work! Your birds were inspiration for my logo.
turns out, I do follow - but thanks for the heads up!! We'd love to feature it on - let us know.
06 Le Vieux Donjon CduP. Rich, but still reserved. Very tight nose. Minerals, tar, cedar, black fruit. Strong lingering finish. 92 pts
Here We go.
I find, my body is functioning more efficiently. My breathing has the potential to be very settled, almost nil at times.
Exploring shell fish for the first time. Shrimp cocktail...no reaction other than a grossed out face. She doesn't like it "yet".
If I owned a pink article of clothing I'd wear it, but I don't so...
was there supposed to be a link here?
Dreamt that I got caught in a gun trade and when I backed out, Ron Pearlman tried to send me to Ireland
Money can't buy you real love or true happiness, but it can give you choices.
Kirkland Performance Center
This late and Im still waiting?
Only one meeting on my calendar today.
- thanks for the great #Disney tips! Wish we had met sooner, so we could have benefited more from your advice!
Hey checkdown Tommy, see what happens when u throw the ball over 4 yards in the air? How about stretching the field a bit next possession?
I completely agree
Epic Brush Fire
Can anything be so elegant as to have few wants, and to serve them one's self?
Met w/ a few members last night after a great day o meetings 4 Met with synergistic businesses 4 #selfdirectedira's&
That was a makeshift ending, folks. Beth couldn't continue.
I did not have that much fun last night for me to have broken my shoe lol
See's Candies, you're killing me. Didn't you say you were arriving *by* today? Little heart boxes, don't break my girls' little hearts.
Thanks for your work tonight Good work. If we could only have a workout in a bowl.
I guess my real question is, can I do the same?
Want to go international with your faith this summer? Don't wait! E-mail for info!
And now remix scholarship inevitably ends up with T&P discussions.
thanks :D
So bummed I had to miss it. My back is a mess. Hope to be back on Sat.
Big Bill doesn't follow national politics, but Newt Gingrich's rise in the polls is a gratifying sight for husky Republicans!.
Didn't the last game start w/ a Thornton 3??
Gotta love #redis When you need M2M2M groupings and can't get straight SQL under a second, CACHE those suckers. ZREVRANGE FTW
. I thought it was about 2 albino, head-wobbling aliens who's blood was solid until it come into contact with concrete.
Its not an opinion if its the truth.
you can watch all the games for free at justin tv or vip box :)
A snowy and sparkling Merry Christmas to us!
hi sammie, happy tuesday
King of Prussia Mall being evacuated bcs. of a live grenade found on premises? Any one have any other info ?
Excited for my first #newfront!
Oh #Wikipedia, how I love you! You make my job so much easier.
We're showing evidence that convinced jurors to convict #Amy #Senser. Next on the
Hello! And nice to meet you! Glad to be number 500!
Pahahahaha crazy ass LA folks~: I have some crazy ass followers and most of them are from LA lol
This Friday's game will be played in honor of all the service men and women who give so selflessly so that we may all live in freedom!
:( I dont think this is ever going to stop.:/ just can't wait to see him tomorrow.
had a great time with and at a great burger place in Pittsburgh !
do you miss being in the fron office after seeing all this action in the past 48 hours?
- Any way not to pay through PayPal for Google Analytics plug-in? I want to pay with a corporate card and not set up a PP acct.
I can do oversized, discharge, and all over printing.
It was great. Lunch at a nice restaurant is really a great way to eat. Less expensive, not as crowded.
- Random Family by Adrian Nicole LeBlanc
No doubt fam.
OHMYGODDDDDDDDDDDDDD LOSANGELES?!??! YOU KNOW HOW LONG IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THAT?!?!?!? . <3'
listening to T.I What you know about that?
Be a rebel...<3
Literary fiction, and 7000 word limit.
That's awesome!! Thanks for your support :-)
Let me look into it. Might be a hitch.
or should that b "meow"??
worlds collide, just as you tweeted strawberry fields I happened to be in Strawberry Square.
Guilty of grand larceny and not gulity of burglary and first degree murder in commision of a robbery.
haters will find something else--- plenty there.. life good.. switched to news. i can be a fan again- and see my kids!
Inconsistency breeds insecurity.Remain genuine and consistent in business & personal relationships. That's just good
When your smallest jeans are too loose>>>>
What kind of whiskey bar is closed at 10?!
I blame you
De-duping is my life
is still up when he has to get up at 10:00 to go to church with his dad and mom. Hmu tomorrow after 12
Got my game face on
we're working on a new exciting thing
lol im learning but he is obsessed
Glad you like the planting them, BTW nice avatar : )
There is more than one?
Solis Energy is heading to Miami,Fl Jan 25th for the IP-in-Action LIVE 2011 USA and Global Events! If you come say Hi! www.SolisEnergy.com
oh yea..all orders will be entered into our contest to win a copy of MLB The Show '12 for PS3 or PSVita
End of the ISAAC Girls Final: The Lab School 35 The German School 17
“: Crocs are for people who want to add a degree of difficulty to getting laid”
Casting young female MMA fighters for up coming feature film No Xcape in the NYC area.... for more Info
I don't even have to click. Is that David from Real World??
Texas Blood Money.
probably around that time
So, basically #NetBaseKnows me & knew I wanted some ice cream. New favorite flavor is the goodness that is #CherryGarcia !
From now on I'll only respond to my full name, which is "Night Moon: Moon When Night (Wolf?)".
I got to sing at my granpas diner Saturday night with my dad and his band.
the best. Jim's is close. And to be fair, I have yet to try D'Allesandros. But still...the best.
Switch to mint?
Congrats to on the sale of her new novel to HarperCollins--I just learned this awesome news today!
don't hit on my mom...
Public Enemy came on my Pandora station this am, and I thought of you. And that they seem so tame compared to rap now.
": Kickball debut tonight #HIFI" Hifi until I die! Welcome to the team! Ps Tell Zusi to give an invite to
My daughter an I LOVE when you guest host Chelsea! We love it even more when you have the animal guy on!!
I found out the unit rate of one can from the6 some one owes me $0.23
thank you!! Us cows are not so good at math. :/
also Ryan Braun is huge and is one of the best hitter in the game
she's dopegirl!she can smoke a pound in a single bound!
Alright, it's official. Great Basin Food Co-op will change the face of Reno for the better. Super excited for their new location.
I kinda figure that was the case, was hoping to purchase tickets yesterday.. but tomorrow then.
"Pretty much if the hut doesnt burn down its been a good day"
Nothing contributes so much to tranquilize the mind as a steady purpose a point on which the soul may fix its intellectual eye.-M Shelley
Our pleasure!
Bank of America planning more job cuts - WSJ
Thank you! We hope you enjoy our Tweets. We're sure we will enjoy yours! :)
TGIF tonight playhouse with the crew:-)
ME TOO
My neck is so busted right now that I can't hold the phone to my ear with my shoulder. This is making multitasking very difficult.
good luck with getting everything fixed!!
's "Strange Attractor" has been stuck in my head for days! Can't wait to hear the album. Out on itunes a week from today!
Sentences I never thought I'd say but just did: "Oh fuck that I just found my vegan leather pants. I'm wearing those."
I am wondering where Obama would have stood on the American issue of slavery. Too pragmatic?
Wedding thank you note awkwardness: "Thank you so much for giving me a dutch oven. It was lovely."
Joe where are you!?
#ThingsIwantTheMost to see finish training
you are a man amongst boys. #truegentleman HE GOT IT
Royalty or loyalty
my wife wants to have your hair!
David Stern really told the refs to get the Lakers to the line more. He don't want SA v Indiana in the finals. Though I wouldn't mind it.
oh yeah you want to have a war with me
lol I know I'm out there Thursday haha
Amazon says Shipping Soon. I hope from Seattle otherwise there's no way in hell it will be here tomorrow. From Seattle maybe...
You're just mad the Spurs, who "suck" have a fifteen game winning streak. :-) And are going to demolish the Thunder. :)
ok fine but no barbedwire
Today is going to be great! Goodnight/Morning Tweety Birds! 😊
The 3pt alternate you speak of would "smoke" the competition, "light up" the hoop, and "blaze" the crowd.
damn I'm jealous I bet you're having the time of your life...
justin on the news it said you are In trouble for putting something bad on here what did you do!?
#claymore was so good.worth the wait. I love miria.Omg.This series gana end soon.This is my fav, so l b realy depresed wen tht hapens
We don't want to use the instructor voice, we want to use the dating voice...
For #FF: Best of the Bunch - , The Guild Cinema, Shoes on a Shoestring, Long Shot Digital, , Papa Felipe's.
If I look or act like Billy Crystal when I get old, you have my permission pull the plug. If there's no plug, shoot me in the face.
I was hoping you'd say stop what... So I could say stop being perfect.(:
James Butterworth discusses migration, technology, and the rise of the Peruvian pop diva.
hahaha, I totally missed that one....you're a trickster.
Let me count the ways. For $50 million in guaranteed salary, I would burrow under 3 feet of snow to mouth-fuck a polar bear.
crazy plank day! super strong core- forearm and palm!
Portland Farmers Market at PSU Opens 21st Season on March 17!
Sometimes, you just need to be mature. Other times, you need heavy machinery to do extensive damage to stupid people.
Small eventual red card decision in Newcastle v. City...
Going to Dogfest in Sun Prairie today. Beautiful day for it. Finally will find out how fast Desmond is.
Good luck with the Film from NYC
RT : Great ideas here! Hope y'all had fun! #SWFL #nightcap ;) Yup
Cole Hamels: misunderstood defender of the greater Washington DC area softball leagues
but you know I'm kidding right? lol. I gave up on that shit
I'm not a pickle fan at all, but I may have to try that sometime.
Come aboard.
Love the articles that you are sharing with the community. I does support my 5 Linx Business. Cynthia Harris
I need to get my eyebrows done.
who gives a flying____about her crap if you do get a life!!
Cleveland didn't experience an earthquake today: it was actually pulling tractors for his last day of training camp
I did last night :( RT : did it snow in wausau. hope not. cold damp day here. pretty miserable
All I ask for is to talk for 15 mins before she goes to work. And out of 2+ hours she can't make room for me.
EVERYBODY KNOWS IM A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER.
I want to get into hula hooping again and craft more in 2012. Just got a glue gun last night so I'm off to a good start
vs belmont postponed until Noon Sunday! Will complete current game and Game 3 of series will be 7 inning affair!
Time to ditch the razor n grow the beard out - deer seasons almost here!
And the invasion of college graduation lunches/dinners in the north end has begun
Have a great weekend! :) RT ": thanks for yesterday #FF way appreciated! ;)"
... the family here is really going to miss you. Please come visit us!
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also. - Julius Caesar
hard to feel sorry for a bunch of crybabies millionaires then they have the nerve to ask about the hard working fans
my bestfriend is so beautiful!
The freshmen at Wendy's piss me off so much lmfao
Is the difference between challenge-based learning and project-based learning just semantics?
rare occasion I get to watch TPIR but enjoying all the #Browns action ! Drew rocks.
All single file, dressed the same, corralled by a crazy mustached dictator
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
Choas follows a hurried redesign always. Eventually I get privilege I need, but it can take a long time. ;)
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me. Please retweet and follow me.
Did you know that when you exercise your stem cells turn into bone cells instead of fat?
#ICantStandWhen I am forced to be around someone who thinks they are above others.
Mixters class! BORING!!!!!!!
please follow my friend
but!!! U get to come to my house tomorrow. :)
oh, and just btw, not all of us work at college/univ institutions.
Uploading the new episode to youtube as we speak... A link will soon follow
catching up on the news of the day makes one thirsty for serious talk about business, music, consumer goods and tech gear..peewaddy.com
Thanks for all the #ff love! You guys are the best!
RT : My tax day op ed in NY Times. The Buffett Rule is another AMT. More progressivity is good, but it's not reform....
Hi Susan! Just sent you an email with more info about the book project I mentioned last night.
Thank you! Appreciate all the love. RT : offically listening and loving
Dont determine someone in your relationship is cheating because of what u hear, only from what YOU see.
Well when we hang out at BDubs or something, we can have our laugh and clown sessions
Will be in CHI this Sat pm, dining in Old Town and catching a show at Second City with a girlfriend. Want to join?
oh dear rt : Who thought it was a good idea to put Crystal in blackface?
When's the last time you had a good dickin? LOL
PREACH PREACHER!!!
Sometimes I like to look at my GF sleeping thru her bedroom window for hours on end. In a non creepy way of course.
in Willow Creek apartments .. about to go home .
I wanted some outdoor Fall ones so I had to get on it this year. My youngest turned 1 Sept 25th!
Watching "Psycho" for Short History of Film class. HItchcock is my idol!
Thought the wind would blow my car off the road on the way home tonight.
thank you for following me, look forward to following your tweets as well. Ed
great meeting you at the Summit yesterday. Also great fun connecting with the most active citizens in the District.
u wanna see a chick flick? And i saw hunger games
yeahh , you probably could've ! being in the uniform made it worse for me .
next year is going to be pregnant as a freshman with Aids living of food stamps in a motel
Know of a great spot or neighborhood that needs #Zipcars? Tweet us to let us know!
Jessica Simpson..when are you going to pop out this child and are you sure there is just one in there?! You are GINORMOUS!
Jered Weaver's dad watching his son throw a no-hitter while drinking a beer in the stands.
Love the national respect that Hamilton is getting. Evan longoria and Justin verlander paying compliments.
Lifes a bitch and you can't escape her.
The fault is #Marlins. They hired a #Venezuelan not understanding how many Venezuelans feel about #Cuba historically.
#PMALove out to out with knee! We know u can come back -- ur so tough! Heal FAST, Ace !!! Keep that positive attitude! :)
I hate
Did you fall in a whole barrel of the berah? Lol.
It's very hard for me to evaluate your software update when you don't send it to me.
“In order that all men may be taught to speak truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.” – Samuel Johnson
hahah yeah aye you like my twitter name;)
I wonder if the Redskins recognize that this concept known as "scoring" is vital to winning.
Betty white is old as shit
thanks bud
will before the concert comes!!!!
Clarity affords focus.
you always stop texting me -_-t
As soon as a girl sees a guy with jordans they jump on that ass .....smh only in charlotte
Make sure you Vote for the 4EG St. Patty's Day Photo Contest! If you submitted a photo, share the link on your Facebook page so all your f..
Hello great people Big red ball on Sat Noght at 11/ Whitey street Hartford ct jazz and blues 2/11/12
And since I made it here I kno I can continue on - Hi-ke
Honestly, I think today was one of the best birthdays I've had in a long time. <3
we are playing but the CD won't be done yet. Stoked to play too.
even with the 🐚?
e-mail is blessed. Red Rose/WRSU
Our first week of summer hiatus...still gonna say it...Happy #Fringe Friday!
Please be careful! You are making me nervous! Going to see The Vow tomorrow. LOL wish u were here!
Great meeting you. Wonderful convo. On personal and professional brands/search.
in sorrow will you partake of them all the days of your life;
Don’t just keep clicking ‘mark as new.’ Make a decision on that email – even if its to delete it! #TimeManagement Tips
user experience chat: thursdays 10am pst. join us and pass it on!
I haven't played my guitar in a while, I'm definitely gonna break it out for a sesh soon!
are you behaving yourself tonight?
if it's who I'm am thinking of, you better make sure he stays away!!!!
#sorryimlatebut #beer isn't going to #brew itself!!
Hey girl... you rocked when we wrote the other day!!
For as bad as Neil Huntington is at finding hitters, he equally brilliant at finding set up relievers.
Fuck niggaz will always show themselves - no need 2 point them out
Just made an old family Mexican dish passed from my grandma to me
Came across an enormous sparkly, copper-topped building I've never seen before in Sioux Falls. I feel like the entire final season of Lost.
I don't know if you remember/were aware of Dan Savage being a racist, sexist, transphobic and biphobic asshole.
Brees is picking apart San Fran's secondary.
schooled JR
who is that? you?
Looking to hire someone to do some administrative tasks and footwork. Mailing samplers, hanging posters etc.
Yes indeed non-profit is a tax status it is not a business model
lol online is better but the app is pretty decent
Don't be fooled by short term solutions... your SMILE is for life!
I love Date Night (:
If not Lebron then who? Who had a better year? Statistically or otherwise?
It was great, love you more 😉
"This town can't teach it's kids or collect its garbage but we lead the nation in pointless revenge."- Bart
wuz up Split??
I hope you're left handed.
We are looking at ny dates right now any suggestions for venues?
ALERT! Edreformers coming to your district soon. Keep a stack of bubble sheets handy to quickly distribute.
Grateful to & for providing their devotionals free on I am blessed each day by their generosity.
So since you're moving away from big mid-tempo ballads, will A3 be all about dance music /tempo, hip hop etc?
Taylor Swift Dresses as Tiger for Circus Themed Birthday Party - Daily Glow
oh come now levy that's just mean. (really funny though, but mean).
that sounds fun! 
Redheads get me everytime
I be at uwm hoopin all the time
probably something crazy like Sean Weatherspoon ranked
Merry Christmas!!!
He'll drop the J word on you then
I don't mind the term slactivism to much, but was remembering a tweet from saying that she hated it.
If you get me ticket to a Yankee game next summer, I'll be there. :D
nice job Pete. enjoyed the article.
LOL So true!
That was it socks are now off,
#thingsigottateachmyson how to go hard af
What about Christmas pudding?
Sounds fabulous! Is it available in a K-cup?
well I meant specials for our services for our clients etc
Shout out to My Gonzalez Engstrom Fadul and Pimentel Familia* Love you guys!
Your tweets are amazing! Lol, cracking me up over here.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season - 10sBalls
completely missed troll opportunity, I was expecting something funnier than Go Cubs Go...haha
hey gorl c:
Watching tv with lori
The #iPhone UI makes it very easy to hold a three-way call. Nice job,
why did you have to get sick
Q1a: I think it'll be hard to beat Google+'s UI features. And it seems like some people just want to get away from FB
yay jessica is in the final!!
Gee, thanks Colleen! It's mutual.
#ItsAboutTimeThat #cablevision gets the NFL network, #Verizon looks better & better each day
Come see us tomorrow morning at the Carmel Farmers Market AND come to the store to see our family friendly Improv show at 4:00!
We are sorry! Pub might be at capacity now, but Stoney is coming on late, so you're in luck!
Thanks for the RT and and for the #ff's
Hope to see you all at the #unity rally ready to create a unity mural!
and I just trollin round campus, doin hoodrat things
Happy New Years!! Hope 2011 was great! What's a goal you're setting for 2012? Mine: Create great music, good laughs, & moments to remember!
the reverse bulldog into the door was it for me. I stood up and cheered.
3/25,anniversary of Triangle fire. Tragic proof of need for unions. Unions keep America strong and Americans free.
your always beautiful
Nicknames for my softball tee: Help? #TabeRuth #Heinekan't #TabstBR #Tabnanas #Who?
RT : "Content breaks all of the economic rules."
Let's not forget CALVIN AND HOBBS!!
Headed to the
Ah crap...“: Ok - I have a list of 6-7 Podcasts to listen to. The real question is where is the funny one? I want a laugh”
comes on baby!
Contact us for the special #discount code at
Don't move Trying to take portrait of all 6 billion of world's citizens MISSING: P Chang,S Chbihi,M Lopez,F Steiner,
We need some experiences asap
Im on chapter 7!!:)
i am gonna miss my best friend who is about to leave vegas in a day
I pray for the children & hope I get give mine the world when they come.
Making some production notes on our new song "Sorry For That" today! Getting ready to have a new song for you! Who's excited!?
Dc is jumpin....m
Had some good Easter fun at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center. Beautiful historic mansion only 30-min walk from the house!
#GreenMorning twitter world.
Whoa my dad just informed me that I got Neil Patrick Harris' autograph when I was a kid. Whaaa? Also: I'm now 29. Hi.
I LLALALALlLLlalalalalalaLALALA LOVE TURN TO YOU<:
Country music as this crowd rocking can't wait for the line dancing
This light room is cold as fuck though.. Lol
thanks for the follow Jim. Please spread the work about us
Bb boy looks so precious right now 💘
oh yes! Just came out this week.
Robert Gates & Jon Stewart on Fox News Sunday this Sunday. Will either one be live in the DC studio?
how's that
Everyone is a hustler until the WORK starts...then the real ones stand up! haha
Ugh...I'm on my laptop and twitter's not loading right...I'll get on ScottySwag tomorrow after church :)
Happy Easter!
Buy the village, we will visit.
#wordoftheday Spruik (v) To make or give a speech, especially extensively; spiel. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
Happy Monday! :) It looks like the women's Soccer team has qualified for the Olympics. Did anyone watch the NHL all Star game?
"I got it bad, got it bad, got it bad..."
According to Autumn Marisa, a personal email is best way to reach out to a reporter. Keep it short, newsworthy, and relevant.
It is possible that Kristin Cashore is burning this church down. The light behind the cross sparked, and now it smells of chemical smoke...
Work work work....
A lil help never hurt
What kind of music does she sing? Jazz? Rock?
Lots to do today!!! Catch me if u can 😉
Always quit while you're ahead! I think I would have had fun at the computer stuff, but got busy.
Why do I even bother?
The day is moving westward!
wow, already headed home from st.Louis. rollin papers..
I'm down with the illuminati
I have SO many different chapsticks....I don't think ill ever finish any of them
Ready for kickball season..
Not sure if you remember us, we had a little 8 week fling, earlier, and I know we had a couple fights, a couple off weeks, but c'mon back!!
Guinness or whiskey should get you through the weekend.
just imagine a grown man throwing a tantrum while shoving fries in his mouth, or picture Mark Madden being Mark Madden
RT : C'mon iSay you #Follow now! Rape there follow button! >:)
Hey long time No Chat how it going?
can u send me that pic plz
BEFORE YOU COULD CHANGE THE WORLD YOU GOTTA CHANGE THE WORLD AROUND YOU FIRST-YOUNG.S KEEP IT REAL AND POSITIVE
#RoyalRumble John Cena Is The Hulk Hogan of our age .....
I feel sorry for women who get a run in their stockings. Because they're wearing stockings.
Thanks Big Daddy. Good day for the kid!
Saving the best conference for last...jk...no really lol
that was even better than I could have hoped!
Pearl officer injured in shooting dies
& me I'm chillin like always not givin a damn right now
I want to read the Hunger Pains ! It seems so funny. Lol
Yes so glad it's Friday. Gonna clean my room and then wait for Austins ustream.
Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol! I love him! So whtz up people?;)
#morefemalesshould make me a sandwich
Thanks for your help re: the eichmann videos!
Classic breaking the couch by standing on it x
EVERYONE IS BEAUTIFUL...Except for Elana Kagan. Who really just looks like Kevin James.
RT : . - are keyboard shortcuts really that difficult to implement? (Amen!)
How come when you hear about what ppl said about you, you never hear it from the person who said it????
WHAT A GREAT WEEK! THE WHEELS ARE UP AND I'M FLYING!!!
yah sorry. Misinformed by datpiff. I got excited at first
where on earth do you find these...??? You must have WAY too much time on your hands :)
Meh. Got my whole room packed. Now, only the rest of the house to finish -_- #can'twaittobedoneandmovedin
All aboard the
I would rather see monkeys or maybe even kangaroos.
#Redsox face #WhiteSox pitcher, Humber, who threw a perfect game. Good thing he used up all his perfection last Saturday.
are we having two 2 in today game? No 8?
Vince Young is a free agent. just sayin.
Wished on 11:11 for the first time in a long time.
Ducks need pep talk. Crowd needs one, too. Autzen hasn't been this dead since, well, forever. Not the fans fault, but the energy's down.
i am deffinitely nor functioning today...at all
Congratulations! As a former Minnesotan myself you'll learn to love winter! --Wil
My legs are such an ugly color and shape 😓
Being quiet wont change anything
hahaaha no its not its my friend from chi town... Dont worry you get full credit for your nickname :)
it sounds like someones dragging a dead body outside...or someone putting out there garbage.
Omg work needs to be over because the coffee isn't working!
A huge AVATAR welcome to Juan Pablo Ordóñez who is part of the team here at AVATAR :-)
my stomach hurts soo bad..:(
time for
RT : . Whatever you do: DO NOT POLLINATE! > Don't worry. I'm divorced.
I'd like to go but the white guilt will probably keep me home.
Don't forget about the tonight!!
I'm a happy woman !
CQ Today, today: A breakdown with Meg Scully of some of the issues surrounding the detainee provisions of the Senate defauth bill.
Oomf know I want ha but she playing !
shorter Rep. Denny Mac: "folks, this is common sense"
A woman is like a tea bag; only in hot water do you realize how strong she is. - Nancy Reagon
Sorry if I don't do #FF anymore !! I have way to many followers that I talk to but I do love u all and appreciate ur ff's for me so Ty
Are you craving ice cream today? It's your lucky day! #FreeConeDay at Ben&Jerry's Friendly Center with all donations to #GCM #SpreadTheWord!
What's YOUR fascination advantage? How do you use it in your daily life?
yes you do...
im just saying though....apologies don't fix broken hearts.
I don't eat junk food and I don't think junk thoughts.
Mexican zombies?
Boston ed struggles- haven't had a contract in 2 yrs, death by many cuts to col bargain rights.
good. Does the City slow down a bit?
Do you sing? Share it on Good To Go.com
Chance is never quite chance, but that does not eliminate accidents.
And MFA thesis I is Advanced. Story bootcamp for your book. You'll see. We have a great time.
If Aquaphor was a drug I would definitely have been featured on Intervention by now.
My attitude is loud, my demeanor is loud, and my watch is even louder.
spring break!! going to the beach! :)
I already have mine :) RT: : There's only one month until Red Dot. Call 227.6960 to purchase tickets.
What am i supossed to do when the best part of me was always you.
Thanks for RT of LAW info, the organizers are having trouble reaching their normal audience through listserves
is free a good enough promotion?
I should really be asleep.
You gave up on me, you gave up on "US"....
I was without any type of electronics for 45 minutes cause the power went out and my phone died. So I read some of my old stories lol
A positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action.
as someone who started an mscs for fun I'm always surprised w/ unmotivated grad students. try to seek out the good ones
and for destroying that goon Ryan Seacrest's tux!
do you want to go?
Thanks to all veterans for your sacrifice.
When you can feel someone staring at you<<<
How have you been? What are you up to these days?
Dude, thanks for the compliment/endorsement! Ha ha. You're a pro, though. I'm just an idiot w/ a WordPress blog.
thanks for making the weekend awesome!
Extremely thankful! Haha
wooohoo! What kinda car?
Peffer says the dissolution of UCAN is "heartbreaking." He believes in what UCAN works to accomplish.
Some times I forget how silly life really is
Lmfao when u feel like it
Who brought winter to Houston? Brrrrr
it's crazy watching reruns & thinking how much you've all been through, always been amazing ABDC6
You're slutty & you blow it.
Voice of the Poor Month-“I am a senior citizen living on social security income, medicare and $17 worth of Food stamps per month.“
's rendition of The Circle of Life is better than the original. #mybestfriendisbetterthanyours Ø=Þ
hahaha. It was my attempt at a sugar rush during a call that went horrible awry
coming through Atlanta on the 13th
: #goodmorning indeed. We are so proud $ happy to hit our 1 yr mark today! Come by & get $1 #tacos till 11am!
The Throwback Mixtape is here!!! www.CalDashE.com
how cute (: I was on my way to work haha
What am I , doing today ?
that is true.
#Phish Confirmation I got all the Leg2 tickets I wanted. See you Heads in Long Beach, KC, & St Louis. SF if I get off work.
you speak the truth.
yes! Love him!!
Thanks for all you do to support brain tumor research!
Who will be in Las Vegas this weekend?
This will help you get a leg up on your best leads
Staring at Syd and Kokey eating ;)
Throw a "mitchapalooza" he'll bring his green hat #oldschool Today he's at ESPN on a show I usually anchor and I'm off."
Four more days til my Birthday !
bored to deathh
gettin schooled with some Patsy Cline pandora radio. love it.
It's ok. We will prevail ... eventually.
It's like a freaking family picnic.
no but like seriously it's horrible thought process.
Great to meet you last night at Robert Deaton's. Can't wait to read Diary Of A Player!
I turned my phone to “Airplane mode” and threw it up into the air.
Very happy to be home. Work is exhausting!
Pardon the swag.
Dude I'm like really proud of my one pager :D
go good work in at attack center...just got in..
I live down the street and still can't leave the house!
- I hate you. Do not tease me with photos of the goodness that is Irish nachos!
Wow wade just fouled out!
Ask us how you can get rewarded with room,show and dinner comps for all your hard gambling!
relax we are playing solid. we have our heads on. it will happen.
On the Mother Ship Baby Bubba! hahahah
I hate psychology!!
I love cleverbot. Best conversations ever.
How come SLJ is calling me at the school I work at to subscribe? we already have a subscription.
bout to go chill with screch from saved by the bell
I just had some
If you're getting a PhD or already have one and don't give back to the community in some way, you don't deserve that degree.
“: The ideal nap length is 30 minutes. Why? It’s right before you enter deep sleep, so you prevent grogginess!” I like 3 hrs
I get my honors scroll for National Honor Society Wednesday :) induction ceremony ! Oh yea ! Lol . It's gonna be at night tho -_-
I agree. Thanks for both your responses.
Awesome message today! Thank you for challenging my heart brotha! Keep winning souls for Jesus!
I was at the time (had 5 witnesses) -Have a great day!
even my 36 year old aunt loves . lol.
Imma bad, bad man! If anyone knows what song this lyric came from, please tell me. Thanks!
I wonder if u ever think of me :p
I'm not obsessed wit one direction or the wanted right now<3
"‘How did we get to this kind of breast cancer culture that privileges shopping... as opposed to getting angry and asking for change?"
I know, those high end options sounded super fun.
How is 330,000 dollars zero risk? More like minimal risk.
on Jimmy Kimmel tonightt! RT if you're gonna watch
Too scared to sleep to have the bad reoccurring dreams. Wonder of I can blame the #MBA for this one, I do everything else ;)
My friends at have a fabulous contest: I just entered to win an awesome car seat!
Tonight's the night.
I'm not sure I believe Annasophia Robb as a young Carrie Bradshaw, the outfits in the publicity photos just aren't crazy enough!
RT : Social media is a lot like a 1st date: Be a good listener, and tell great stories, and you'll do really well.
iMiss My Best Friend
Surving the Cut
Don't let know!
Two words: Red Scorpion. Four words: Joseph Zito's Red Scorpion.
Reading criticism from the 1920s is like looking into an age where everyone knew so much but was so afraid to make bold conclusions.
#Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym. Workout time!
Rumbi Island Grill: Brown rice bowl. Extra chicken, light on the teriyaki sauce and lots if Sriracha.
dare you :) #gobuckeyes RT : Seriously thinking about walking into the buckeye bar with my Michigan gear on
So would I! I don't know how she is still there! :D
140 characters (twitter) The gamespeed is a tweak, not an entire fake perception rating scale. ala, Nicks. Scouts mention all time
:D ha nice perspective of view in the pick!
that friend that all of you hate causes he's an asshole, but he's our asshole
Have a great time!! Thanks for using ShowClix and have a Happy New Year!
Seriously.. Why is tumblr so addicting? I can't stand it..
The Naked and Famous take over Denver tonight! Who's heading to Ogden Theatre at 8 p.m. to see them?
From the crew here at The W3 Awards, Happy New Year, folks!
Tomorrow is Mother's Day! Stop by to pick out the perfect give for mom! We are open from 10-7pm today :)
Shonda Rhimes is KILLING It right now. I LOVE this show..
who knows!? Its dc sarcasm haha. They just keep coming!
....Your serious??
i kno this girl named yolo she thank she can rap
Thanks Bob, it was nice meeting you
It's getting late early out there these days
Screw sleep
Don't ya love how Kingston pike gets so backed up at 5pm?
Chatting about Buffy episodes via Google+ Hangouts and putting them on YouTube, still down? Let me know if you want to with me!
Hahahaha. And if he's going to knock Dr. Seuss for content and structure, then clearly he's not studied poetry and verse.
Getting my car inspected and learning about clouds from a cgi cartoon show. Cumulus clouds to be exact, they're out when the suns out.
I Love Quoting Songs. :)
then why in dm you told me not to call you that?
On the train back to
Just found out that my neighborhood will be the first to evacuate in Manhattan - Battery Park (Tribeca)-we'll know tomorrow
i don't understand when adults say sports keeps kids outta trouble & drugs. lol you make more friends, therefore more connections ;p
wat a finish to the season #OMG I love it!!
treatment for what? There's no creeper rehab
RT by rule, the defense cannot get the ball. That is the rule.
Listening to Loeb talk about Overton Square renovation. This Cooper Young resident very excited!
Opps that was the rum talking
Same. RT I can eat dolmas for days.
seriously...it's a cop-out, IMHO, mostly on the part of schools trying to make every kid fit their system & deflect blame.
- is my hero. Nuff said.
Good game #cavs, you were out manned by the best team from the east
Prince Royce - Crazy x) You got me crazy xD
Metta World Peace? More like Metta World War.
In due time ;) We're only kidding! RT : just about dying to become a super fan!
Brunch on the Upper West Side or SoHo, any suggestions?
classic california.....
You're welcome! :) And if Torts kills you, I'll be sure to sue CSoL for NIED. ;) I'd miss my Sconnie sis!
A quick shout out to my honey boo boo feel better!
I just saw a game to brainstorm games, tweeted it today, can't find my bookmark ugh
sweet! thanks. updating to it now.
"I actually thought about you in Spain, "
check on volunteer slots in 2012, email . hope to see you in our kitchen soon!
I can agree, the depictions were the very things people think of us as it is and that is not the majority
Thank you! I am pretty excited about this!
I'm so happy you left your kindle. Lol. It's funny though b/c it makes Sean uncomfortable!! "Inappropriate" HAHA.
nightmare :/ fed up! Crap Friday night :(
they picked your brain
don't the writers have the blame? How is MLB at fault for the Santo thing?
Before you know it, your fancy beer will be gone. Never to be seen again.
If you are looking for superior entertainment that is a cut above the rest, look no more! RE-MIX is the perfect choice for any and every o…
yeah me too! Guess we will have to stay up late and try and get noticed and we'll tweet them so much <AB
you can eat food poison but you can get it .... And idk girl I was just sitting down tryna open a bottle of juice nd blllaahh
DM me your texting numbers on your iPod so I can call you
Fuck I forgot it was paco's birthday!!! Happy late birthday baby!!!!!
Last notice: we are going to be at 21/J tonight 6-7pm giving away 26 tix to our grand opening.
... given everything? Thought of your company all the time? Never took a short cut? Worked hard even when everything was down? UR My Hero.
Just found money in my pocket. Awesome.
Much love and respect. Holla at your girl
Nine years ago today went on my first date with Amy
Ok ok he might be right I love talent that shit Turn me On ...
Moms signing for her new truck
I wonder what talking about .
Mad Men is on there!?!?!?! I've been wanting to watch that and didn't even think to search for it...thank you so much!
Okay so I can't believe I'm saying this...Kentucky basketball team is important :( lol
Just finished editing my paper for the #AES spring conference, presenting tomorrow
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me.. package deals on design and print also. hit me up for samples of my work..
Oh shit!! ": Ahahahaha RT : #weDONTgotogether when I smack the shit out you for assuming we go together!! #sub lmao"
i know:o
Bynum and pau wanna run it back up to 11
“Allow myself to introduce…myself.” The Writing Center's Personal Statement Workshop is WEDNESDAY 4-5 pm, Tawes 1203 RSVP:
RT I couldn't afford a vanity license plate, so I named my dog 956 XDM.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
I heard your TXT read by www.DriveSafe.ly. I will get back to you soon.
I haven't touched vicks in two years since my job with the nurses. The smell brings back memories
What a bummer. Great running FH from Andy, tho.
Sometimes, things just work out. You feel strong again. You can exhale. Whew.
that has to be such a relief! Enjoy the quality time!
Congrats and for winning 'Love in the Wild'. I actually really enjoyed the show! The best to both of you :)
A whole day spent in the library and not nearly enough was accomplished
What time the track meet
OMG,a table fell intop off toe's and am bleeding alot!!!!:(
Nope! Just into another apartment in NY for July.
que onda con este twitter L:
Kaspersky: Apple &#39;10 years behind Microsoft in terms of security&#39;
u need to be out on the town
Wow! Congrats man! thats awesome. I have one myself so I know how it is. Definitely something you cant miss! Congrats again Jake!
hey guys.....wanna see some of your amazing info tweeted here!!
thank goodness. Turns out it was just the basketball team that was walking by.
Believe it or not a #Blazers loss is better
we commend & other SWOP chapters for "whore-ganizing" a crucial "Ho-test" today in regards to unsavory Google endorsements
Your day was already blown apart -- Know what I mean?? ;o)
No matter what the weather is this bitch knows how to survive!! love u bitch!
Thanks to playwright Jay Russell and cast Harry Bouvy, Finnerty Steeves, and Amy Warren for a GREAT reading of Cradle & All
growler pour of what? Whatever it is, it looks delicious!
When I'm this sleep-deprived, my tweets start to chocolate parachute marsupial tentacle horseradish.
You're right about that.
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
"I know I'm alive but I feel like I've died."
alright you are lucky ;-)
Excellent article via on the relationship of Medical Centers to surrounding communities. Mention of
Martingale from Consumers Union refers to "unbanked or underbanked population" as target for expansion of mobile wallet market
whats good. Hit me with your hook up. Peace
*raises hand* lol
great to meet u too! It was awesome! Keep me updated about LA shows!
RT : I've been hearing great things about your class Looking forward to adding Improv to my repertoire.
I heard a bomb went of in the office at Craigmont High School
the beginning/ is for those that sleep
“Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
'i dont mean to toot my own horn' -Mikayla
Oh and how could I possibly forget Say Anything, Gym Class Heroes and Parkway Drive on my #BandsILove list?
With the Chiefs singing of Kelly Gregg might we see Franklin return to the niners?
Messed up and didn't put #SXSW on my vision board this year. Adding it now for next year!
what if u already follow ? I do! :)
I am recently unemployed actually, and an aspiring drunk.
morning world. So far I've been hit on by a gross cabbie and got mascara on my eyeball. Now where's the train and who's buyin me coffee
my damn ipod is broken and doesnt charge anymore time go to the apple store
what do you have going on tomorrow night?
next saturday boy
I love deathnote!!!
You too! Checking y'all off my #aam2012 bucket list!
Doing homework, and killing pouty bitches in my mind.
Fred Couples & Davis Love l won this 4 times in a row as teamates
Missed the fast train. On the sluggy straggler. All dudes. Not one female on this car.
That is some pretty heavy stuff, for my part i just try to make good music. The rest moves on at light speed.
Bout to crack this man down in NBA2K12
omg its so hot here !!!!
Stuck on the light rail. Haven't had coffee. Want waffles.
i wonder if is related to kevin. Look at his last name(;
This is why I love my school. I get random gifts from my friend and then Sadie's crazy nature and Erin just going along with it.
But regular everyday people aren't terrorists. I don't understand.
At dq people make a change plzz
10:20 am : earliest planning of Friday drinks in the history of Kudos .
spending on war, yes, but they are certainly not pro-spending on Social Sec. gen Welfare, education, employment bens etc
We would love to have it up, It's a good opportunity. If you could put a copyright next to your name that'd be god for your safety.
Final: Dallas 56-Millsaps 55 in OT! Outstanding game by both teams. Our guys played very hard!
Love this tweet!!
Apparently my campus has its own meth lab. Who knew?
im watching a john cusack movie
Lmao i Will when Jesus comes
UhOh justin a Boy Are Kidding Of You His Twitter name is justin_bieber
So I don't follow #BBW but every1 on my TL is goin in on Susie...maybe I shoud watch
Thank you for letting me lol ;o)
I'm here to help :-)
An object lesson on Libertarian notions of your rights, I'd say.
BRIDES! Don't forget to RSVP to ' Bridal Open House this Wednesday from 5-8pm! We'll see ya there!
these Nigerians wont let me!
creating a new breed of vegetable. a crinach. or a sparrot. Half spinach, half carrot. So you can eat the top AND the bottom. genius, I know
Square Better Business Bureau Report | C- As of the last update of this review, Square is not showing as accredited on the
Facebook Jobs India
Need an electric strike for your home or business? We are offering 5% discount on all strikes today. Call (323) 731-2561 and use code: 15978
I love my life . Wouldn't change it for anything !
"If you don't care it doesn't matter." - Grandpa Cunsolo
ah so when r we going to make the shirts?
really you think? How so?? Lol
id rather have sex with myself!
That's what I like to be- a pretty kind of mess. Hahah yes
Be yourself & don't compromise your values. Doing so is a quick ingredient to problems later on.
it's cute when you basically admit you'll only talk to me when you NEED me.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they give small nonprofits a voice! RT
Ok thanks.
you're the best.
So are you serious ..sometimes you have to stop and ask
Gustavo, Dana and John have time for tattoos!
Not entirely sure what the hell i'm looking at.
if you plan to go catch them - I'm in. When is the boat leaving?
19 or older. You should, who knows when the next one is! Lol
Because of my lack of sleep and my failure to study, tomorrow will be the worst Monday yet.
What to watch: &#39;The Three Stooges&#39; movie trailer
Breaking News. airlines borrowing my parent's station wagon to get & I to Hawaii. I call shotgun!
Settling in to watch a debate starring and !
This kid next to me is playing super Mario bros. Bitch needs to take turns with me. 😠
listening to the new album Under Fire!! SO GOOD!!! And trying to write my first speech for speech class!
WISHING EVERYONE IN OUR ZOMBIE/MICHAEL JACKSON COMMUNITIES HAPPY HOLIDAYS AND REMEMBER SPREAD THE LOVE THANKS
Someones phone went off as a police syron and she screamed "oh!! I thought that was immigration!!!" lol
This should be a video devblog instead...
California, film tax credit: Study shows film tax credit pumped $3.8 billion into California economy - Los Angeles Times
yo gotti -i got that sack
My bro & I were glued 2 the show 4 the past 3 days. So glad Col. Purcell survived. So sad that 58,000 didn't.
New house and maybe a husband is what I would like. I work for free, he gives me my allowance.
joke potential is alarmingly high for a death haha
Auntie's wedding today !
Confession19: I love a girl that will give her all to me
Back To The Future was mine!
them under blankets
About to go smoke a Blondie...YOLO
you lucky bastardo. I haven't seen any Bresson on the big screen
that is so sweet
3: THANK YOU FOR THE BUYING THOUGH! Poop, you think you can mail the money.. Sorry, I am having problems with parents ):
It's really sad that im listening to lady gaga right now
Jesus lord, has the best voice I've heard in a while.
Get that New Years Glow b4 the Clock Strikes 12! Hurry Book your Appt by Friday 12/30 & Start GLOWING into the New Year! Call 327-2507.
you have the coolest pictures from work and the most amazing attitude. Thanks for being a TRUE American hero!
Haha you know it!
breaking bad marathon continues
That's a wrap... Enough tax returns for one evening.
going off the twitter
Watched 60 minutes last night -- had no idea Meryl Streep lives in Massachusetts part of the year. Got to get her on my invite lists - ha!
Bring a friend for free today only!! (Must be a local resident)
Oh gosh, thanks. We should gig again. Give us a holla. :)
Y can't I breathe whenever I think you why can't I speak about whenever I talk about you? <3
“: 'I like Baggage..It helps me carry my things.'”y u so weird
OH: Originality is just a lack of information.
Really rethinking about working for 6 hours in the middle of a Saturday
That being said... That "2 CHAINZ" chant is pretty catchy.
lol oh no you have homemade pizza and strawberryshortcake ---feel my waist line expanding as we are talking
Do you teach your kids about social causes or charities?
Do you ever think about if people actually want to talk on a bus??
Hooray! Was it The One?
and you didn't take LPG?
I just woke up now.
because you liked him you cared for him we all wonder why we ever talked to somebody it's weird
yeah, have you seen "it might get loud?"
haha I would never! I'm surprised it's web legal to produce such a product. When will am I going to see your fach again?
I say "shiz" & "shic" cus im tryna stop cursing it a very unattractive trait
Many states have fewer resources for K12 than MN and are holding both #K12 and #highered accountable for college readiness.
As part of an effort to increase volunteer firefighter numbers, recruitment open houses will be held over RecruitNY weekend, 4/21 & 4/22
Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do, you apologize for the truth.
Check out the homie #SpacesBetweenUs TODAY! Support good music.
It Rains over the city because you're gone..
It was the one and only song I ever learned on my guitar. Since forgotten. My hands are too tiny to play my acoustic. #
A Human Thought is an actual Existence, and a Force and Power, capable of acting upon and controlling matter as well as mind.
you're killing me with the Spanish, si, mucho trabajar! :)
NLC's Johnson- creative partnerships with Federal gov't - Let's Move Cities & Towns w/ First Lady, Cities United w/ Dept. Justice
I love you.
For me, it's no question. John Wall isn't even in Irving's league. (so to speak)
haha i didn't mean it in a sick way!!!! you know what i meant
Lyin is gay.. fuc is the point.. YOU make, yourself look like a jackass.. lmfao t(-__-t)
You're welcome. :]
I hope that ESPN continues their film series as often as possible. These documentaries are awesome and so is the 30 for 30 voiceover.
been playing poker now for 5 hours. :-)
Good morning tweeple. off to the gym i go!
STFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU. if that subtweet was for me.
that's crazy! I'm sorry.
Yeah you are probably right, how good can Seabiscuit really taste?
um... amazing! RT He can see Saturn without a telescope.
Attn: University Zipsters we still have free lift tickets to ski resort!! call us now to win 410-685-1867
How can a nice pair of tits be on an ugly chick? That is just wrong.
#relationshippains Feeling like your being cheated on.
Yes! Color = flavor
Nostalgic for your funny, sarcastic ass. Think of you oftn as one w/whom I'd always like to reconnect. Amzng poet. I smile.
Every time I see the name I laugh, I don't know why.
Homegrown musician Teddy Geiger is playing Water Street this Friday, so stop by Scotland Yard before or after the show.
We hope everyone got a chance to enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend. Tell us what you did.
I wonder how man drinks Pete Carroll had before that pick
Congrats, dude!!! That's big stuff.
More bad luck nd even more bad news...
I will slap u lol :P
it put the steely in Dan
Baron Davis might help if he loses 20 lbs. That's a big if.
i gotta go i am so mad rite now i feel like i want 2 kill my self ugh
yes & many on linkedin check their group feeds on weekends or late nt & any comments made during the week will be there.
"Passion is the great slayer of adversity. Focus on strengths and what you enjoy." - Charles Schwab
classic.........thank god I was parked when I seen it.
You'd Be Nothing Without Me , Duuh (:
"Sunday mornin', praise the Lord."
I Don't Think My Twitter Is Working:( That or Yhuu Just Don't Reply To My Tweets:( Haha!!
: Who's in #OBX getting ready for the Flying Pirate Half Marathon? Good luck runners! #OBX #race.. There's a mess of us here!
Rodgers is the human embodiment of the Staples " that was easy" campaign.
it's not about the grass being greener, it's about fence hopping
On the bus to fairlane bout tuu watch this movie.!!
yeah I got my permit today and drove home!!
you are amazing and affect me everyday even though you don't know me at all
you can get a good blu ray for $50 or $60 that will stream Netflix too
Been writing a software user manual all morning. What did I miss?
Highlight of #saa10: meeting John Slate, who played Conspiracy A-Go-Go Author in movie Slacker.He's an archivist at Dallas City Archives.Wow
Did you know that is an Elavon Pymts Partner & Registered MSP/ISO of Elavon,Inc? That is how we process credit cards for Providers
Just Came back From The Beach, Got A Nice Tan(:
My new follower avi>>>>>
Tough. All sound lovely.
Stop. Consciously relax the space between your eyes. Breathe.
oh okay
www.platinumposts.com Get News About your favorite Music artists and tv stars REMEMBER WHERE YOU HEARD IT FIRST www.platinumposts.com
I want some Supra Boots
Thankful Thursday: What are you thankful for?
what does the GOP need to know about that?
Case study in action RT : RT : Example of #SocialMedia Crisis Comm Mgt live. Check out 's <- Tweet Stream
": #IWishYouKnew Theres nothing sexier than a girl in high heels..........with no clothes on."
we're definitely the weirdest group of people ever haha
seems like only yesterday...I think you should finish ALL of your books (and articles and blog posts) in Aspen! I'll help.
RT Pack your knives and go Bravo's "Top Chef" open casting call today 10a - 2p Wells on Wells, 1617 N Wells St
#dhtrial who did I stand in for? most all guys but esp Kyle,Nathan, Jamie, and J.Slattery (with a white napkin on my head - a bit of a joke)
Awe, I love your friend.
Oh! When is that?
why are there so many polish pastry shops? they might look good but we all know they're not good
Can I get a follow? I want to DM you. Great news re: the summer conference:)
planning things out for upcoming shows
No game for me today 
Praying for those in isolation to be brought into fellowship www.organicchurchtoday.com
please save me!
#thatcamp #ncph2012 stickers are now available at the #chnm stand in front of 202A. Available for all attendees!
Let's send our unwanted foodstuffs that we bought unwittingly realizing it contains GMOs, and mail it to Monsanto with a GMO label on it!!:)
Gotta hit up MilkBoy today for their coffee.
what do u like about it????
I know right?? I saw that and was super glad I took it when they told me to.
thank you everyone for the super sweet comments, retweets and support! this has been quite an epic journey!!
well, thank you! Its not many but they're the best! Thank I love that hat :)
Live for today, because yesterday is gone, and tomorrow may never come!
Jumpstart DC is on Twitter! Come follow us. Help us work toward the day every child enters school prepared to succeed!
Charm touching the clasp
Hi ladies! MUAH how are you all?
Thanks for sharing and wishing you the best of the holiday season from the northern part of the state
RT : let me treat you to the fine things in life
Time to study! :)
RT - have to make a speech on friday about the history of the New England Patriots. anyone wanna help? lol
Broke a Bink 182 cd while cleaning it. F**k!!!
Working on the final edit for my first book, will be available on Kindle by Jan 15th. Updates will continue to follow...
Thursday Wind Down: Gluten free beer and snacks in the lounge from 5-7!
Congrats In the words of the late Al Davis..."Just Win Baby" the rest works itself out!
John madden and pat summerall
Unreal! They better get their shit together in the 2nd half!
This is not the leg you're looking for.
Have you seen their pitching staff?? RT: Hang in there. This is not a sub-.500 team
Much props to mich st coach Tom Izzo for his words about a fellow coach - Bruce webber - today. That's loyalty!
Really? I think it sounds heavenly. And it was delicious. Your not a foodie are you? ;-)
shared family vaca out here is a must in the next few years... Love it!!
#ThingsIveLearned Righteousness, Peace, Joy!
This is also the first time I've downed 5 slices of Street value of $17.50. Glad I'm not paying.
IF TWITTERS YOU LIFE.. FOLLOW ME :) <3 XOXO
Therapists should have fully stocked bars for their patients.
my gf started a blog for her children's outreach programming, but she doesn't want anyone to know about it. ???
That's right...time traveling this weekend.
Yup. It's all about experimentation now. Thinking of ways to mash sharing tools. #SeeSaw is next.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🎈
Maybe tall is a state of mind....
I'll go anywhere with you
I just saw a picture of a room full of overweight cops how did they get hired who are they chasing ????
“: My limousine driver is trying to small talk me. #firstworldpain” taxi for the poorer people
Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people. Which one are you?
n u claim your a "true" friend.... wow
lol it's different when they're inside shoes.
I have the same issue about letter grades in formal school courses. Will try joint (instr/stud) assessment this term.
Not me. Much prefer the quiet audience.
haters gon' hate
yeah, me either, pretty sure it's just Cum :P
#CelebrityApprentice - well Trump you cover your politically correct bases...: -
Wow You Should Remember
Celebrate #shoplocal with TKG Music Group! Tickets to all December shows are on sale NOW at tkgmusicgroup.com!
Safe travels! Was a real pleasure wking w/ you at last week!
Happiness rarely keeps company with an empty stomach. Japanese Proverb
thank you love
Totally got myself today. Looking for a Capital Investment Project I found the "Buy Sweet Thing Initiative". +1 2010 Kevin.
Let's do it, I feel I should have another one of those get togethers! I only work sundays now so I'm free!
“: Ok haters. Cats out of the bag. I'm here for the sox 100th anniversary. Glad to be back and at fenway” shoot me in the face
Looks like you have a big lip in in that picture
Student loans make me cry.
A little hottie. A must follow--->
We loves you too! Thanks for watching!
whats going on I'm about to pee my pants
My only qualms with the movie of POA were with the script. The fault lies with Steve Kloves for that, not Alfonso.
I have an urge to troll someone on farmville.
I love how idiots gotta start rumors saying Brandon beats me! anyone who knows him knows he wouldn't do that! Ignorant people make me sick!
The Will to Adorn: Philadelphia Stories of Beauty and Adornment" @ PFP took place on March 2, 2012
i love you ^__^
I was right the first time. JSOnline tweaking and freaking a little. Now the site is down. And up. And all woo.
Not Indiana.
happy Birthday !!!!
Woken up at 2:00 am by a damn phone call!!!! Do you have any idea how tired I am!?
I am.and spouse of a teacher.
I look forward to the cooler Fall Weather What's up though with all the rain? April showers bring May flowers, what does Fall showers bring?
I think I am going to Liam's cell phone to his head tonight. He talks on the phone so much I would be doing him a service.
I hadn't realized they had podcasts. That sounds like just the thing when I tire of language tapes. Thanks for the tip!
I like making low keys moves when I'm out in the public .. nice, quiet, hidden gem places ... quality music, experience and dining ...
you are my rock but keisha has been good wit them & girl alway love dem too much
Haha! I almost went with that angle but finally decided on the other route. Thanks, Nipples! :)
Follow #dealchat is great tonight!!
thanks boo! When are you free this week? My parents are out of town let's get drunk!
You call me 3 times. I ignore it. *UNKNOWN call* "Who the f^ck you trying to fool?!"
Textaphrenia. A disease found in teens, in which they have heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message..
at home business opportunity
Hitting on girls via twitter might be the saddest thing I've ever seen. Bro. Get some self-respect.
We are in our FINAL class of the Peak Producer program. 12 wonderful weeks w/ training us on how to become a Peak Producer!
Hudson just swung at a pitch in his eyes with ducks on the pond in a critical situations. He sucks. No heart, no game.
please follow me! I need that support.. Just to know that never say never is working.. That i can follow my dream! Please! ♥
"Unlike speaking to people, talking to animals also reduced stress and blood pressure." -- Julie Walsh, Unleashed Fury
it's true...I don't.
good idea!
Sleepy time
Feel good outside
NEW GIRLS DRESSES in TODAY!!!
RT : Everytime I see a guy in a suit carrying a guitar case, I see a caged animal.
Can we do this? Can we just start calling O'Reilly "The Captain"? As in, The Captain did it AGAIN
Foxcroft Academy in ME (private/public) recruiting more overseas, locals think it's the most exciting thing to happen in years
It's good to hear Jay Bilas sarcastically talk about the 2nd round."oh yeah, 60 teams get a bye" since that terminology is insisted by media
I consume a lot of high fructose corn syrup.
Worst week ever.
That moment when your wearing one guys jacket and another guys shirt. -.- ops
so much random information lol heres a quiz what was Stanley Tookies last meal b4 he was executed?
Getting the claim for my kitchen repairs processed is tricky because neither the insurance or the property is as concerned about it as I.
yes, like usual, the entire world has it completely wrong & US is the only one that *really get* how boring soccer really is
Hmm that RT goes to Sorry !
sounds like a great analysis of one of my fav actors, Barbara Stanwyck in that panel, the tweets have been great
Dayton moves to simplify states environmental review process
"Just Fine With You" is playing live on the air now on Check it out!
DJ Topher will be spinnin' old school and new school hip-hip tomorrow at the shack and Big Red will be handing out free samples. Come party!
will do
Bikinis cover 90% of a woman's body. Leave it to me to keep looking at the other 10%.
That ice cream was amazing!
EXCELling. "Organization is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body." -Robert Southey
Aaahhh I see =) happy to hear it was great though, sounds like you had fun!!
In Starbucks with a pumpkin spice latte and #shelbylynne is playing on the speakers: perfect afternoon pick me up!
Never read her... Where do u recommend me starting? LOVE reading recommendations, so keep them coming! Safe travels!!
I submitted a retraction request but thought it may be quicker to contact you here. I can't do much about the fact it happened
My coffee isn't very good today. But I'm still drinking it. Without it, my peepers won't stay open.
Who has homes ready to close in time to take advantage of the tax credit? Lennar does!!!! Welcome Home Centers open everyday from 10 to 6
Thank you for the #FF :)
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love. - Leo Buscaglia
": I can't wait for my mom to see her bday/mother's day gift she is going to love it!! :)" <3
Enjoying a day at Purdue University with my son!
Im so sad bout Forwood :( I still cant believe what happened with all that.
who loves doing #laundry? Raise your hand then put it down because your lying! Lol
Do I want to follow Blue Ivy on Twitter? She's an infant, I don't think she is capable of tweeting...
Do the stinky leg lmao. The things that's used to be popular
Did I write that last tweet after listening to "Scream" for the 13th time today? YOU'LL NEVER KNOW!
Thanks Matt!
start another gold rush!!! "there's gold in them thar waves"!!
DEE!!!!! ME TO AH!!!-----when r u coming-- nobody is here in Dallas soo Bored so Im working like everyday at Fitch aha
you slayed that I Don't Give A verse!!!
RT : A person is limited only by the thoughts that he chooses #quotes James Allen
Cory Booker is dreamy.
Thanks!!! I've been on set quite a bit so I'm sure we have seen each other:)
what a dilemma #hashtag “: #I #love #to #hashtag”
I CAN'T I THINK IM GONNA DIE
Knowledge is power. The power to make other people feel stupid.
A free book to those abroad. Historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z. Enjoy
With my bestfriend. The bitch went to get her paycheck. Took the keys so I can't drive away.
How people get mad at when is top three most incompetent operations ever is beyond me.
iPhone blooper real...sorry for that quintuple send on HRH earlier. Dark banquet room, tech difficulties.
i dnt like her
YES! , you're going to LOVE this guy.
Fighting the urge to huddle cave bear-like underneath my desk to hibernate...
When you’re holding on to someone, that you gotta let go. Someday you’ll see the reason why. Yeah sometimes, there’s good in goodbye.
how have you beenIts amrcello we spoke on the phone about a month ago
So ... what do we mean by learning ... in the 21st century? fascinating discussion.
If people don't like the song turn to to you...they have issues -.-
You Can't Play Love But Love Can Play You
I can't believe Sori did something good.
Before you look at the big picture you need to look thru the lens and be focused.
More Than Welcome Lady Leslee... how been thy day as of yet?
Getting a pure thought life takes purpose. It's not accidental. It's a chosen action.
Holding down nights on 103.7 KISS FM for the rest of the week! Guess I should do something!!
You spoke, we listened! Starting on Monday, Gingham will have full-service lunch. No more lines, enjoy your gingHAMburger without the wait!
Hard at work prepping for the LA Times Festival of Books (), or LATFOB, as we like to call it. Sounds like an expletive.
i love food hell yeah
suburbia trash monsters. I wanna love and dance... Again.
Mike! Yes I am. There are some things I wanted to talk with about.
if you like ICONic Boys and one direction go Follow:)
Are you more excited about the #superbowl or the #commercials?
Did you find someone to mow your lawn shirtless?
Um...AWESOME!!!!! (we will be changing around our blog soon so it will accept comments)
thanks for your support of !!
<< I used Insanity to lean up and endurance. I love lifting weights though. Getting ready to start p90x again after my 5k
#BongoConvo what can we expect for the new season?
your face is freaking beautiful
My advice to & HP: Imbibe Rams' Ten principles of good design (in his own tweets):
Stay positve...stay positive....stay positive.....geesh, some things are just hard to bear, and difficult to find the good in....Thank...
but I couldn't help having a little bit of hope
I would pick probably the only Fucking computer on campus the dosnt have powerpoint.
I aprecciate the recomendation for your Kshaun to me about the beats .
I think this girls dude is gay
I know right?!
We will for top tweeters! RT : You should give an award to the participant w/the highest klout ;)
I honestly haven't laughed that hard in..I have no idea. That HAS to be more exciting than any baseball game.
Very Happy, Following more wonderful people. Life is Good! :-)
Sex on my tv reminds me of how deprived I must be..
will camtasia projects recorded on the snazzy new mac version be able to be opened in Camtasia for Windows?
#FF Friday! Here are a few of our favorites:
10 ways to #love: #listen, #speak, #give, #pray, #answer, #share, #enjoy, #trust, #forgive, and
Going out with tonight  (;
yes and dampers to your ducts to push more air to downstairs.
My sister (who deserves it) graduated college, got a Job and a $1000 a month apartment. I comfortably pay $176 a month w free groceries.
Dreamin Wit the Lights On....#PureGenious!!!
Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
I told you we knew each other when we were little.! Haha.(:
I'm sorry you have to go through some of this shit. Not all Reds fans are assholes.
Brazilian things we use! Bracelets, earrings ... I do not know! :) you can choose
Yesterday's Player of the Game: Bill Schroeder, who went 2-for-5 and hit a home run to start the five-run rally in the ninth!
Hey you lovely followers, I hope you all had a very Merry Christmas & a great New Years! I'm back from my trip & ready to work on new stuff!
I was wrong about it all along
Welcome to our learning chat. Please start by introducing yourself and what you'd like to gain tonight.
Joan Carris' MAGIC AT THE BED AND BISCUIT comes out in Jan from Candlewick Press! For more, visit www.joancarrisbooks.com
Yes - need to create pull systems, not push systems. Relevant for many contexts outside of health
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. ~ Henry Ford
its ok lol
Just found out I will be at bootcamp in september of this year (if everything goes as planned) SO EXCITED!!((:
Wondering when exactly it was that Erdogan decided to single-handedly explode Turkish diplomatic relations
Are you still renting? Not sure you can afford a home? Call today to learn more about our 1st time homebuyer programs. (858) 376-1299
i got it from they said everyone could use it
Just hit a raccoon...
well if they parents don't got a job how they gonna play ps3 online then? No Internet for them then
hey ryan! Today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday(;
LABJ Circ Dept is hiring a New Business Dev Rep. Great opp for recent college grad or 1-2 yrs exp.
just found your iPad video on youtube - great work! will share with my teachers!
Take it easy on TP Pop. Seems guards are getting hit with the injury bug so far in the playoffs.
RT : I can't stand Eric Cantor. I hate his face. I want to give him an atomic wedgie/ his face is like he's getting a wedgie!
RT Horrible what's happening in Japan. You can text REDCROSS to 90999 to send $10 to relief efforts. Thoughts and prayers.
an presentation! Wish me luck! :)
other than #ThePrincessBride, MP is Satan.
The Barry Levinson movie "Diner" will be made into a Broadway musical. What will some of the song titles be? Here they come...
Andrew Garfield, Girlfriend Emma Stone Kiss in High-Flying 'Spider-Man ... - Celebuzz
Hey im happy
All the candidates are waving their class warfare credentials
. Thank you for the MT! Help us spread word about voting tomorrow, #Nov8—the day the people get the VA Senate back
SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE NEW FOLLOWERS!!! WE WILL BE SURE TO KEEP YOU UPDATED WITH ALL THE NEWS THAT GOES DOWN AT THE SHOP.
Literally feeling better than I have in weeks. And I have productivity to match!
I wonder if they'll make a facebook app?
you can smoke just don't blow it in the kids faces. Give em a chance!
Its stoming like crazy here!
I just want to go to a place where everyone is kind and lovely for me. To a place where everyone know that I'm exist.
I've always been curious. What that taste like?
Come & Support Rock Steady 2nite at the Out-Reach Benefit Concert from 7-9pm at Bethal Baptist Church. 855 Brotherton Rd Escondido, CA 92025
Best thing ever .
you'll like. They're classic NY style and have been at it a while out there ;)
i watch it everytime
On a 1 to 100 scale of fan pain, Memphis fans experiencing at least a 95 this series.
yea i feel u
now following back Howdy!!!
Facebook is lame anyway...
that dude in lady antebellum needs to button one more higher, please.
Have you seen Danny Deckchair? Great Movie...
! RT Um, cool RT : Barry Diller says he is not sure mags like can survive 5 more years in print
Looking for something to do? A great new service is on twitter, tweets about travel, deals, food, and all entertainment!
A4. As long as the hotel is walking distance from the beach, I think I can handle it (THINK)
Nothing exciting going on today in the small cap world..$GYRO is the only one on my radar
"Vicious high school bully grows up to run for President" sounds like the cliched premise of a bad movie.
Tips for the Airsoft Beginner optimal protection
thank u so much 4 working on my tat. U are truly talented, w/ a beautiful heart, & I'm blessed. 2 have u 4 a friend.
rest up and get well for the TDF!
kimmel was amazing! thanks everyone for watchin!
... Cant bash them bro. They beat my Nuggets. won't let me talk bad about them :( :(
I love my chihuahua... She's like "Ah beautiful morning sun B) "
we're all hoping for a quick recovery! Thanks for being you!
Great week meeting in San Francisco; heard lots of "Love the interaction the touchscreen Comment Board generates" comments!
Haha! I'm glad you guys enjoyed it:)
I've become a recluse...no one has seen me for two weeks
Ugh, I love Drake so much. His music is so amazing.<333
Kappy Lynch! Chaucer and the Arthurian Legends are useful in my daily life. Seriously.
You can either make Money or you can make Excuses. Pick ONE! :-)
Laboring to find Delivery Nurses? Tell us what locale you want them out of, what hospitals and we'll get them for you!
oh fun! Send me some of those craw dads! M
Uptown hookah packed already!!
If I agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
Off for another long filled day full of work then meetings about the world ending.
TODAY IS GOING TO BE A GOOD DAY LMAO....I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!!!
Sadness is having a good friend you rarely see tell you she is going to be in Baltimore when you're going to be out of town.
Fun night tonight! I will be test diving the allroad Revival at Hoehn Audi at there Pre-Launch party:)
Watching and the with the fam on my tv through video streaming from my iPad
Support NM lean challenge startup
I'm gonna put a basket of fruit and vegetables out now, so it will be nice and mushy by the time fanfest rolls around.
*washes brain* *accidentally dries brain* *brain shrinks* Crap. On the other hand, maybe I'd like that book now.
Definatly missed working out. It's great to not be sick.
Once let my dad use a flowbee to cut my hair
We can only imagine-- have you tried our Maple Bacon Cookies? Sound like they'd be right up your alley.
Ahh Imma write you another one tomorrow :D
tonight: #records #turntables #beer #sushi w/ & #DJ Eri at Sushi Cam (wilshire & san vicente) 6p till late. see you there!
I am NOT a 4 string purist!,but see the the expanding role of the bass regardless to the number of strings.5,6 makes no difference just PLAY
It has been said that Firehook Bakery makes the best breads in the area!
oppose internet censorship.
Is there a timeline for having wifi on all your planes (like the one I'm tweeting from now)? Just curious.
easy for YOu to say, mister buffster big-gun arms! Mr. flabby pants wants to loose some midlife belly fat. (ok I love my belly)
#digitalindia JSTOR Plant Science. Users contribute to building of niche network of this content via social media - Rajan
im so hungry, i aint ate all day. i wonder what there is to eat.
juss added a bass guitar to our music.going to another level now
If you "happen" across the 6 pack of steak knifes could you snag a set for me? They are cheap $3-4
Heyy everyone please get the word around for people to follow me and I follow bak
Omg new york boo I'm having so much fun!!
Hub gave thumbs-up to buying a Shark to clean the floors in the new house. He always surprises me with what he'll get behind.
flip flops no feet Handicap but eat meat
Screw the lightbulb and pat the dog
New york city! After the signing my friends and I are going to the city to promote cody in times sqaure. Come say hi.x
We are a equal opportunity call taker, Yo!
Matthew Rubery, U. of London, "Canned Literature: The Book after Edison's Phonograph," Mon. 2/27, 5 pm, Van Pelt Library, U Pennsylvania
#FF my great friend. :D
Just loaded up the first 1000 invites of the new year. They'll go out over the next week and a half. :)
Suns have to walk away with batum there. makes perfect sense. Dont bite on Crash Wallace either
right now i'll say noon, but i'll keep you posted :)
Such a great feeling when I finally finish a project
Orwell: "Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious."
I love cuddling wiff my doggie. Were dating. I mean its mot official, but things are getting pretty serious. 💙🐶
the better idea though would be to just avoid the problem and have it on Wednesday or Friday though. Seems rather simple to me.
In 30 minutes are going to take game 4 in Orlando which will bring them home for the close out. If you can go to the game!
Boston is beating us in our own game smh
so excited for that!!!
you rock!
Dire predictions of the imminent demise of publishing go back at least to the 20s. Each new technology prompts despair.
so basically kind of like a Phish concert.I feel like the health market crowd here is yuppies
haha nice :p my best friends sing in the car most of the time. It's so funny haha
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway
don't tell them. They'll take that away too.
Was it via email? Letter via mail? I just want to make sure it never happens again and find out what happened in this case.
london and france! :)
About to go over wedding food with my mom and Robyn, deep breaths, deep breaths....
Attention my Men followers: Snowbunny OR Beach Babe????
Heading out to the meeting! Industry night! You know what that means!
Aye aye aye! I'm sorry! Let me bug them....
Had a good day with and :)
So sorry about the delayed response to your email! I've been swamped but I'll hit you back asap, love :D
Hey, buddy, give me an "Adam Ward is hard at work on Thursday afternoon" pic. Let's see it.
ahahahahahaha I will slap you silly hoe 🔫💣
awesome I will be at the castro from 10-4 this friday! can wait to meet
"If I was ur toyfriend…" hahahahahaha!! I laughed so hard at this vid I bet that old guy is a belieber!! Haha
We would have written your teacher a kind letter explaining a late paper.
"I wish I could forget every fucking thing about you." - (Sam Merlotte) True Blood <3
Another night "IN"
Why do women stare at me but never speak? If you are attracted to me, at least wave!
The one class I stayed an extra day for lasted 5 minutes
I don't want Ramiro to make his car ugly. D:
This all makes no sense, but I love it
daisy , what's ms.singhs hw?
The lady lumps pix is great. And I friended you from past great conversations ben1129 to settingsun
Don't use the ablerton or audacity, Rock it out on the Serato or even VDJ, but no pre-mixing!
Dear Neighbor, If you blast Christian Conservative talk radio while parked in front of my house, I'll blast A Perfect Circle. Deal? kthx..
A woman must know to scent herself with same discretion, the same taste and the same elegance which she puts to get dressed. ~ Jean Patou
I literally love you. :D
H/t on that last one.
have faith in me. < 3
Why do fat people get fatter? Why do anerexic remain anerexic? Why do haters hate? Why do people judge? Im sick of this shit.
I love the fact that the school system locks down the Internet so tight I can't get to Google docs or show Frontline video.
What a solid afternoon to do some shopping. Mission: not to buy shoes.
Baby can i get a refill ?
Yep. Working on it right now.
May 13 Amina Figarova sextet at the Bach Society in Half Moon bay, CA
For managing to get paint on your bra while wearing a shirt & the brand is Lime Crime Makeup the website is limecrimemakeup.com
Got some Condessa Sumatra coffee beans and Thistle honey at farmers market today.
This fucking milkshake made me sick; i hate you Dairy Queen.
RT if you have never sent death threats to any of Justin Bieber's girlfriends, friends, family or crew members. ♥
good night!
I wish it was a lie. It makes absolutely so sense, whatsoever. I hope it's an epic hoax. :-(
Info about upcoming signings will be avail soon keep an eye out here
do not know if I saw it, but I'm there?
I feel strange not writing on someone's wall for their birthday. It's there. It's announced. Even if I don't care, I do it. :)
congrats! Yes! We are now ONE union!!
Excited for the Opening Night of the Hunger Games tonight and not afraid to admit it!
my heart's big but it beats quiet.
I'm heading there in April! Yaay! ": priced #BA ticket to London. $475..went to buy 10 minutes later, was quoted $1,300 #suspicious"
what happened?
is shrimp in this car
Not everyone by your side is really by your side
Nice! I'm looking forward to Stone Punk ;-)
On a date tonight. Yay us!
I figured out emojis! 👏👏
RB are a dime-a-dozen in NFL.<-Yes they are but having a workhorse RB coming along is rare<-workhorse=short shelf life for
I think he chooses to broad stroke gays as depraved, narrow-minded pervs, so let's
Just lovely, my friend. Happy Mothers Day to you! (And Happy Birthday to your darling little bird.)
"FREEZE FRAME" - Nick
That candy table looks awesome! We won't be there 'till 8-ish - make sure you save me some Now & Laters! :)
did u finish the art? If so, please email it to me!
I so need a DMB fix right now!!! Pick me up love~EVERYDAY!!! ;p
Ohh yea!! #TampicoStyle RT oh did i mention i have my drank in hand... tampico juice life. lol
Any special reason Cozart not in the lineup???
Thx Shelly, guess its just hitting me now, I buried dad yesterday and mom 45 days ago, and I am just so sad. Got my birdies tho
I know hes a flirt, but i wanna see where I can take this.. maybe I can change the game.
For the moments when you go to sea & you can't wait to dive !
Went to the range last night, everytime I shoot my new gun I like it more. Back at home, I find it very therapeutic cleaning it.
I can tell Im going to have babies dreams. I just love my little hamster.
Why does my left arm feel like it's on fire? I wondered this for the 2nd half of my 5hr drive yesterday while it was hanging out my window.
So i think i like himm<3 idk mixed feelings:(
Stupid boys and there video games .
On the phone with family in #Mexico - Local news is announcing that malls were evacuated, but no damages
Event will showcase adoption process - Albany Times Union
Haha. I don't know what most girls do either...so we're on the same page. Lol.
Who should our next Dance Group of the Week be tweeps? wee need suggestions!
That Damn macadelic mac miller mixtape ain't bad
Where my peeps at
Haddon has a Twitter? HADDON HAS A TWITTER. HADDON. HAS. A. TWITTER. *happygasp*
15 min power nap
to "expel modernism"
Sadly i gtg but no one hardly talk to meh on twitter....am I that weird? Cya!! Peace out
Fannie Mae Case: Expert Witness was dismissed from the case, walked out during deposition.
New iPad announced today and I just got my iPad 2 for Christmas. I don't think a high-def camera is enough to make me buy the new one...
Any DC social media types want to join me at event on Thurs? My journo friend launches SocialMedia4SocialGood series.
Happy Birthday to !!! Hope you have a great one Sandy!!
hey have you got kik ?
For some reason im just feel so tired. i really might go to bed early tonight.
alcohol solves everything...and bike riding!
KBPI Bikini Bike Wash @ Coyote Motorsports this weekend 6/19 from 11a-2p!!! Brother's BBQ for the first 100 people!!! Be there!!!
HI, Bud. Follow more people and get your numbers up. Tweeting all day to the same 62 people won't help your cause enough.
That is such a beautiful helicopter shot
Happy Friday!!! duck horn wine!!!!! yeah!!!
Now Eric Johnson!! What a night!
Thank you for attending and speaking at BBA grad party today! Your support is much appreciated by both students & staff!
I don’t wanna be in the blind, but sometimes I Stevie Wonder About him
learning how to use for ....such an awesome service
Quoting : There's always room for shake shack.
Very interesting & useful. What is the source of this research? RT 6 exposures over 30 days leads to 90% retention.
Tweet #RevolutionSaturdays and have a chance to win a FREE BOTTLE this Saturday for the launch of our new event.
FEMA's soliciting feedback on President’s FY13 Budget for new National Preparedness Grant Program (NPGP). Send comments .gov
Happy birthday sophiaa<(
give her a huge hug lol
Don't quit - Switch!
We can hope!
SXSW / WMC - Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.etc. hit me up
He's a lot of fun. He's two years old and has blue eyes and perpetually green stained mouth lol
All of those options on demand in one place? Now you're talking cloud or MSPs :)
B_TCH EVERYONE IS GOING TO KNOW UR LAST NAME
If we get to 3000 likes by the may 18 show we will release a special acoustic song for your pleasure.
hey I'm gonna come over soon! I wanna see the puppy!
Also bought a pair of red pumps!
Not to say it's not good but...when will I finish this Stephen King novel?
what a receptive audience we had tonight too. Thanks for sharing tonights moments with us and coming to the show!
My head hurts...I need a nurse! Who wants to be my nurse!
O.o
heyy will u follow me back(:
Palisoc says it's ok at Synergy not to have a suit at interview, but dress conservatively. Students wear ties, so...
Thanks for RTing - hope you are well, AM!
What are some of the most common symptoms you see in ADHD?
Att: Randy Barone... worked with you in Detroit (WXYZ) early 80s - Barbara Warshaw Kenig (Baby Dell) says hi!
: Give thanks for the mention of "Cry to Me." I hope some readers will discover my story thru your paper.
Gladys Huber just cant catch a break.
I'll never love again ..
THAT'S WHAT I ASKED
Congrats on your soon-to-be-opening!
Good Night everyone :)
im out
The Marquette 22 will sport the Boathouse jerseys this weekend at Stevens Point and again the following weekend @ home vs Whitewater
great to meet you too! Looking forward to talking soon.
Saw tonight for the first time in forever!!
gross! Sorry, but it is really gross! Let's have a little respect here....
it's my second! Love it. Needed a new one for work :)
Happy New Years weekend!! Share your new years pics below!
and I won't be home for good until January 2013 and as we all know the world will have ended by then
much appreciated E... RT : you do a great job of that already sir
I would love to. Email me at UW! :-)
aw you are too sweet ! hahaha! the quiero mas
I am A #FREEMAN Today It's
Oh well, Sky season starts soon enough.
I need to stop all this "smiley, butterflies in the stomach" nonsense :) #nahh jk, I don't mind it all that much :P
LUV this reference. Verify me! RT Hey, that was Werner Brandeis doing the Discover card commercial. His voice is his passport.
My neighbors have bags of Yellow Pages on their doorsteps (they've been there about a wk), but none for me. I opted out:...
Habari gani? Ujima! What's one thing you have done to make the work of SWING a part of your local community?
Well why not :)
impact of private investment in education, good and bad
Got pictures taken downtown today in 25 degree weather wear a short sleeve shirt.
it has been damn but I'm doin good, hope you are too.
i decided to make a fb.. but only cuz its the only way i can stay in touch with my friends from other countires :P
omg them and that zap thing #zap one directions in my room right now :)
I need someone to screw and chop this Pk law
#quotes #wisdom Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. Ralph Waldo Emerson
I want to sit VERY close to the Brewers dugout. Want to treat my Brewers fanatic son to Awesome seats!
Dear these people from school, Back your Asianess away from instagram because it's mine! I had it first! Sincerley, FUCK OFF!
#TOUCHFUND SUPPORT FROM
Olivia- Beautiful-- reminds me a bit of Cat Stevens...
volunteers are responding to a home fire in Carnuel. High winds continue to be a threat in NM! Be careful out there!
dropped a mixtape 'California Republic' cop that shit ho
Planning a fun Halloween for Shriners Hospitals kids. Our NWTeam mascots rock
Seattle planning to connect Lake Union and Elliott Bay with a 3.5 mile looped path. Would be great. We'll see if it happens!
Bitch u wasn't shooting with me at the gym
I'm pretty sure he was talking about bullying.. But still that's GRAND that you have 3 action kits!
Thank you and for the love. We are psyched women see that Felon Fitness is for everybody!
Why the sad face?
Stuffed after eating shrimp scampi 's. So delicious!!
Spring change is in the air. Just Walk is scheming and making big plans.
I'll see what I can do ...
I'm down to play. I'm Gettin trippyyyy
Ready for today's warm-up! 50 degree weather here we come!
Does Tumblr get bought next?
Blue slide park! One more day yeeeee
So Much HW to be DONE!
Happy Birthday! RT I am now the answer to life, the universe, and everything.
It's great! MT : Have I mentioned how much I love the online #Autism/ #Aspergers community? B/c I do. Thank you for existing.
Right now we're working on a concert 2 benefit Haiti on Feb 11. Pls stay tuned as we determine where volunteer help is needed
I'm the bitch ? You're the one who made and "ugly" list, what grade are we in ? Pre-school ?
I have the bestest friends ever!! Thanks all for an amazing birthday celebration Saturday evening! Much love
Nina Garcia and her son just arrived at the 10th annual bunny hop at fao Schwartz Shoshanna gruss and family as well
The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was.
baseball exam just terrible. Several questions about media areas, fans, etc. Need to know things for JV coaches?
wish I could but I'm headin to Florida for the week. Good luck man
you got it babe :)
That's almost as many as scanned it at the museum, no? Says sth about the unique & quirky peeps at #MW2012 !
Should be a great afternoon of #golf at
what am i? :c
That is the best, those puppies were lucky to have you!
What a beautiful day today is. Beautiful like an armpit.
Whoa...Emily looks a bit like a blowfish
Apr 20,1922: #Churchill was considering replacing troops with air squadrons in India and Iraq.
How is this day almost over already??
If I have to be up in an hour and a half...too late for sleeping pill?
Add "Action" to that and you have a winning combination.
I love it mostly because I first saw it on SYTYCD.
I feel so old talking to college kids
Starbucks and inglorious bastards #hellyes!
Still tryna wake up it's super early, but the grind don't stop! G'morning
You should post photos/bios of your dancers for "Dancing With Our Stars 2012"! It would be nice to "get to know" them pre-event.
Apparently I should clarify I do NOT think Yi is good.
my last move is to Unfollow you;)
Thank you Hirsch!!
Free Sonic T-shirts if you park in the lucky stall and spend $10+. Secret Stall Hint update-it's either stall #11,12, or 13.Sonic
Chase did something!
Fixing my tumblr :))
ha if I can get to my pool! center city is too far for my unmotivated swimming ass :/
yes. if you get rid of all concessions, id's should also go. not clear that non-compensated concessions and ids need ax
Always think POSITIVE. Unless youre taking an HIV test. Then you can think NEGATIVE.
Didn't post this earlier but and I made to the end of #relayforlife! Go us!
We are planning our June tour through the Southwest.... where should we play?
It wasn't easy, but I was in way better shape. Trying to get back to that now.
#Twins allow inside the park home run, yet get their first win. Could be a long season.
Sports Illustrated article on #SDSU Basketball will hit next week (2-21?). It should be BIG! Go #Aztecs...Fight On! Hurry up and be 2-26!
Hell yea tweaking it's 3 in the morning nshit.
RT : We're interviewing ladies at Bar Method today, new exercise studio in the Pearl AND we're sampling their ab/butt/thigh...
While watching #DWTS, my young niece and I danced the Argentine tango. She loved it!
Take steps to fix the effect of stress on you. I guarantee you’ll be glad you did.
thoughts on the casino effect on clevelands athletes, most likely degens
Sure, I'll update the reservation. The more the merrier :)
absolutey - great info - hope it comes in handy for you author types!
I hate doing overnight sometimes
amazing travelogues are also always "truly experimental" and often "defy genre".
Three new friends. Give a warm Anna Maria Island welcome to: Tome, Bobbette, and Barry!
definitely keep them coming. They are great!
Why the hell do socks need to come in a resealable package?
Hm. You think you know, but you have no idea
your not even my girl and i miss you like this
Mongolia was a cracker....pretty open where you go to the loo when out on the steppe! Got some great footage, not of the loo trips
Early morning gym, unnaturally tired this morning -_-
My favorite song right now is MERCY!! Love that damn song!!
How long will I have to wait for an angle like you 2 follow a loyal #Mahomie like me ?
gotta love a super productive Monday - and the chance to hang out with kids and horses later!
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 22
Right on ZGirl!
My girlfriend gives really good blow jobs. If only she wasn't a hand or attached to my wrist..
Aw, and you'll miss Franklin Park Railroad Daze in NW suburban FP as well. :(
...even if I think a numerical (if percentage-based) upper bound on fair amount is highly problematic, in terms of fair use precedent
Oh iPhone. I've only known you for a few hours and already I love you.
So no one got beets at PC Richards but the cookies are real...?? Ah! Who's on first? :)
You Could Be My BackBone Every Nigga Needa Spine
QUESTION: How many true heroes have you encountered in your life?
Already fave brother
#European #elections leaders of #France, #Greece fell. #Italy voting today. Their citizens not supporting #austerity. Can't say I blame them
“ ": I need that suzie in my life right now"truuuuuuu”truuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu!!!!!!! MY LIFE OMFG
Now cleared - appreciate the info. Will mention at 6:41am on #8newsnow RT : No sign of a wreck at ann &amp; clayton
Bobcats would blow them out by at least 30... You obviously know nothing about sports.
RT : Heading to to do some awesome massages!!!
When are we gunna have our Movie Montage??
"Global donkey inequities mimic the human world's inequities." -- Andy Merrifield, 'The Wisdom of Donkeys', p. 191.
Thanks to all for your kind thoughts. The cyst is gone and all went well. Sent me home with 4 stitches.
Thank god for selection Sunday and everything it stands for #wideopenfield!
Now at bat for the #Brewers: Stephen Baldwin
You should be on radio podcast one day!
Lol. Que horrible!
Just discovered Gotye!
Nice night chatting with a good friend over a beer.
I'm so sad you can't be here to go out this weekend wahhh :(( But thank you love and miss you so much!
That little San Francisco kid is pissing me off. That last charge call was awful. He was blocking the path.
#Writers: #StephenKing On Writing: "...if you can do it for joy, you can do it forever." p. 249
Suggestion for #IU12 , 's and online-to-offline's missing marketing ingredient: Facebook Credits
Holiday Financing available if you call today! 877-330-5225
Final chance to get that free PBR after #NOgoodDEED tonight.
Follow and
Would you like to come in Bulgaria/Europe #NickJChat 2
We are ramping up! Please add us.
Whoa, that was not a strike!!!!!! Bullshit!
Quit your Bitchin Druggie its olny a game!
You're the second person to say that...I've just always really liked him. My Twitter gays just don't like him.
my favorite was passing the gym promoters on the way.
Praying that somebody call
What a fab intro!
Can some explain why no Lovejoy?
I want to be in your wine club.
That moment when you see a new episode of pokemon and think why is ash still the same age?o.O
A beer with to talk about #historyontap!
oh god, Shelby found us. Can you see #JakeFricksBigHead all the way from Austin?
Okay!! I give up someone is going to have to do it for me.
whatever Bitch , clearly u ain't about Shit
Putting it out there just gives it life.
Let's go #Cowboys!!
Called kalie to say goodnight, she's beautiful & I love her :*
Checking connection to all media outlets...do not reply...
Cool! I thought it was just me. Lol
family >>>> greatest love of all.
According to a random website, my twitter account is worth $168.33...Jackpot
54 secs left in the first. Still scoreless
Tiger Balm
Today I'm marking 40th anniversary of Congress passing #EqualRightsAmendment; shouldn't women's equality be enshrined in the Constitution?
Dear social media gurus, ninjas, mavens and all others in marketing: Please retire the words "robust" and "leverage". That is all.
that's such a pretty dress!
Seen on stickK: someone committed to being nicer to others. Sounds like a great personal goal to us!
Just had the best year rapping wise ever His mixtapes God's Father, #1 Bitch and The Basedprint 2
being stuck in work w/o live stream, these bullet points are really helfpul! Cheers!
$12.00 Tuesday is here!! Get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the Arcade. Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only $5.00 More!!!!!
flipping through the channels last night...found the ACM Awards...throw a rock through my TV set...my god...modern country sucks!
i just told her to stfu already & to stop judging me & she stayed quite lol c:
stop hacking my twitter to boost your self esteem !
Good time at the book festival, though way too hot and I missed the author I went to see. Laura Bush, where were you?
#bookexpo RT Inviting you to my cocktail hour in one of those construction across from Javtiz. Bring your own lighter fluid.
I'm
cruise got postponed
On use of metrics: MT : Dominance of single measures, what do decision makers do with these numbers? Are they actually used?
Ugh. I hate Zack Ryder.
I work for the library, we try and follow what people say about us on Twitter.
Dang, she told me she really wanted to see you, maybe y'all can catch each other tomorrow.
how are you enjoying the new
We finally have a nice day, thankfully - we have had rain, sleet, and snow the last few days. Hope you get sun soon!
Wish I saw your evite earlier! Would have been nice to see my fellow Canadians. Hope y'all had a great time
Thank you! (:
We really appreciate all of our customers and being a part of one of Lexington's friendliest neighborhoods!
hanging with my friend Anna shes the best :)
Do you know a tall and big man that is looking to add to his wardrobe? We are having a HUGE sale starting April 6th! Send them our way
Word. Although we still have homeless and mentally ill people using our library. They just don't pee on things (usually).
its okay x3
Boy these breasts are huge... (Can only fry two at a time)
please follow back?? :)
So wonderful! Yoga + A power workout + a power bar...and both good for you!
Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr where the FUCK does he get or TI from?!?!
for concert! Really looking forward to it. Big thank you to for the tix.
it's the future and it's happening so get excited. I want gas station cheddar wurst in my pizza crust!
I guess we won't need to hear about Tiger not getting it done on Sundays anymore.
I will have an answer at 3. Gotta verify my shift tomorrow. But signs are pointing to yes :3
underwater basket weaving and global communications?
#ThoughsDuringSchool When did we learn this?!?
Okay, and then listen to Save The Edge Of Glory. Is a mix between Gaga and Swedish House Mafia. Great too.
You are very funny and an amazing brother. I love the way you support Ari and is always there for her.
Pleasantly surprised to see not one, but TWO higher ed themed sessions on today's #iappsummit schedule!
Efrain's II (Boulder) hoppin tonight, and no one makes a better marg in town...ask 4 a white lighting...hands down best silver rita in town.
Congrats to on winning $75 in Routledge books! I'll DM you with instructions for claiming your prize!
I know! But they are getting paint thrown on them, I might yell...yeah that works, see you soon, eta? Bring m+m
It was awful to see Josh go off the field on that stretcher....
coronado springs :D haha I've never been there!
agree that Martin gets lost. Allen does as well. But, for a team that needs S help, where to go? Not a great safety class.
Miss joining! I'll try 2 join next week RT : thanks 4 joining everyone! Would love to have u all back next week
Red Mango then going to sit on my grandmas bench on the boardwalk before work 👼❤😊
Running the iPhone Twitter app. Finally.
Had a pretty good band practice today
For all those coming in to #Louisville for events, please note: the big orange hand @ the crosswalks = No Walking!!
i always forget on sundays that a new episode of Khloe & Lamar is on, & it makes me do mad! Hopefully my mom recorded it!<3
you have school tomorroww?
Those Who Follow ! Issues are Delaying Us From Going LIVE, We Will Do Our Best To Keep You Updated..!
got my nails done yesterday [:
that duality and instant availability is best example of social media at its finest.
Why do celebs #tweet how they really feel & then apologize? #Opinions are like buttholes
freaking gross
1 teenage VoiceOver booking, 1 young mom commercial callback, & 1 Pre-K Shakespeare class means 3 very different wardrobe changes today
U missed my birthday. Imma get you and I liked that new track, the Badu joint
That was a WEIRD interivew.
scotty is amazing....vote for him on american idol......he is so cute and has a amazing voise....VOTE SCOTTY MCREERY
~ My DH told me he likes my white shoes because they take away from the paleness of my legs.
naw i have to go tomorrow early in da morning lol
It doesn't say it on the order or anything?! wow I hope you are!<3
Be on the lookout! “: Will you be handing out tiny underwear again? #PRSMS ”
PS I love the u.u and ñ.ñ faces.
we'd love to if we can!
Isn't it weird for someone else to suddenly take over getting the tickets though? he might get suspicious
RT The Corvettes @ Del Mar Lifeguard Dance Party Fundraiser: July 25, 2009 7PM-10PM, 1658 Coast Blvd Del Mar, Public Welcome!
Diplo Tonight ! Tonight should be poppin! HMU if you're in Vegas and you want to party! It's alway a good time!
Oh look it's The Shins who *aren't* from here
Who on da drive?
i shall acompany you!!
that girls bio screams "call me a hipster" lolol
Happy new year gurl!
aw josh im gonna miss ya
I suppose Scots-Irish Studies were also banned?...
ha! Youtube "Lost, the sitcom" then sit back and enjoy! Set aside at least 30 minutes!
Jazz Rush @ 6:50pm ((((($8))))) business up front, parking in the back. The Cooperage.
Just landed in the mile high city. Cat on the loose during my flight. Hoping the rest of this trip is equally as entertaining.
Awesome! RT : Local plant is run on gas from a local land-fill. The ultimate recycle example! Running a plant off of trash!!!
(i.e. where the laws don't require that kind of transparency for corporations).
I don't see how I can become the asshole I'm fully capable of being without growing dreadlocks.
Dessert For The Homeless, feeds the homeless in the L.A. community desserts on thanskiging day. Please help us by donating anything u can.
DeSeve at #activateNYC12 supporting #opengov slate, eg DATA Act & DoD public online oversight- "data should generally be open by default"...
aw mann i miss my best friend ;/
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
Yay! Michael/Maria baby. I like that. Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
Just watched "Game Change", it's a must-see.
Just running the Urbanspoon reservation lottery for Ludobites. again has something up her sleeve . . .
Start off 2011 with the right tools to conduct proper workplace investigations: www.BusinessControlsStore.com
and - you guys rocked the house at the PNC tonight! Loved it. I had the best birthday ever. Thanks you guys! <3
Next week, join art journalist Martha Rosler as she discusses her work at the Baltimore Museum of Art. The event happens May 2 at 7:30pm.
I am not a known giver of fucks
listening to #TotheBestofOurKnowledge on about art collaboration while painting. Makes the #ColumbusArtistAlliance even more relevant!
Looking for a good Tuesday #tweetchat. Any suggestions?
no problem! And I totally lol'd at "entrepreneurial freakshow" by the way. Awesome bio :)
hello :D
The MPAA would rate Bully an R for using more then one F-word. I propose that they rate every movie an R if it showed more than one gun.
Gearing up to help you and yours have a SWEET Valentines Day! We Can help you make it Simply Sweet!
thanks for the invite, Chris! I'm attending with - Is there a link to register?
breakfast at Frank's.
God is the only one we need to get our value from - In Christ alone
Hecck Yeah(: I Wanted A Chicago Bulls Snapback So I GOT ONE(; with my name on the side!!! A Northface!
i'm thinking of a four letter word that starts with d.. what word is it ?
Parcells! Save the Saints!!
Still thinking about the eggs boiled in urine.
Wanna see largest blue line motorcade since DNC (150 cops!) deliver toys to Children's Hosp. Watch Denver news 2morrow, maybe national :)
I love you ♡
will have to try the burrata next time!
Great event last night #smallbizconnect Thanks to all who came and contributed!
Delegate SM tasks to your teachers or practice members so everyone is invested.
“: a #LEO will either find a way, or make one”
God is GREAT!
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy in the evening. Becoming cloudy. Patchy fog overnight. Local visibility one...
RT : MLB, basically: "We have a fair, balanced, neutral arbitrator on our 3-man panels who we'll fire if he sides with the Union."
You have a gift, my friend.
Thanks for the nice review!
if my parents looked at my messages, i'd be fucked #AndI'llLeaveItAtThat
Yes…well…if you are a teacher, I don't think he cares much for your profession.
Make your haters your motivaters
The poses are just shapes within which you can have the experience of yoga.
Ms. Pacman tourney at Classic Slice Bay View, soon. Details forthcoming! Classic Slice North Ave not only has Donkey Kong, but now has 720.
Wine and greens don't go together.
i will dm u my email too
That's me! I'll have him send you guys invites
little kids are so cute when they pretend to read, the toddlers pointing at words... warms my heart
he was the only guy hustling there. Everyone else was asleep
I was thinking of shit for us to do together once you get to Denver I was thinking first stop #playersclub then
oh memories of awkward moments :-}
What the hay!!!!Just discovered that I got a half brother and half sister somewhere either in Colorado or in Cali, that's bonkers.
Happy birthday!
Alli and Jake, or Alli and Josh?
Just touched down in Atlanta whats poppin!
Excellent (salmon next time? shrimp, maybe?)!
My day just started and I'm already tired
Dog chewed up my shoe so she's spending the afternoon in timeout. It appears she does not like this.
The Oh Group is at the Texas regional conference at the Omni hotel hosted by GDAACC. Should be a great conference for international busines…
Glen Campbell was my very first crush!! I was about 4!!
Made the switch to Scandal.
What do we lose when we lose a language? Every 14 days or so, another language is lost to history.
As Blues is to Rock, Cuban Rumba is to Latin Jazz. The real deal at Radio Habana 1109 Valencia SF every 2nd+ 4th Sunday 2-6pm Bring FOOD
Sounds about right... QT : A few years to enter all licenses into ERM?!
yup you and Brian need to come over and hangout
"Dude... I ate 3 burritos, then got a blowjob. Little did she know that she was giving me a
Ugh so annoying. Should have been Kristen Wiig.
Excited to check out tonight. Who has already experienced their Week One? Menu favorites?
Have YOU seen the all new www.markstuartdancetheatre.org?
ha! You're funny. :)
go #gatorgymastics :) deserved WAY HIGHER than a 9.925 on floor! she was FLAWLESS.
It's nearly as bleak for men of color. And when movies are produced they contain caricatures, i.e. Tyler Perry.
Thanks for the RTs!
Ok- I'm on a bus, and I just watched a guy txt for like 15seconds without looking up at the road! Wow! I'm glad I'm on a bus :) lol
If straight men hit on me as much as gay men did I'd be in business.
hello Melky!!! Follow me;)
gmyh is not what I expected but I freaking love it ah can't wait for the entire thing asdfghjkl
isint AT&T lte larger right now. Also it'll fall back to hspa+ right? I haven't even seen a new iPad.
Should probably try to go back to sleep.. Bc when me and young yambo get up we're I-10 bound ☺
in the shortest possible answer. NO. Ron Paul, has SOME decent views. But, theyre all very crispen glover via Charlie's angels
Damn light-colored mustaches. Cause more headaches than theY're worth.
well good for you:)
RT : That has to be the best thing I've heard today!! ha!! LOL!!!< LMAOOOOO!
absolutely, the most storied franchise in the World with the most animated and loyal fans. Proud to be one!
my computer has been streaming the senate recess for the last 40 minutes. CenturyLink will probably flag me for p*rn
300 - 500 is a good number for a community. Enough to have constant activity and still build relationships.
Not really a #trendingtopic type of guy BUT - "Big Titties in Little China" -
would also recommend Block's later work "Stewardship" for posing powerful questions
says if you want to #dogood, DO IT!
Open caskets freak me out
I am not afraid to die. I am terrified of life.
Wooohooooo my birthday day is in 4hr WHAT NOW!!!!!!
Dear oneonta, it's 630 in the morning. Stop with the crazy noises. I need sleep.
All is well! How are you? Carrying on the day market research and campaigns for the holidays. Yes, are great!
remember that we have 90% employment and over 90% of people are making their house payments on time, GLASS IS HALF FULL !!!
Um pertaining to last tweet who put Rick on my fb
ok, new favorite quote: "Clients are not paying you for the hours you work, but for the years of knowledge you have"
Goat. It's what's for lunch. Apparently.
I don't know if this is Tier 2, but have you looked into check in/ check out system?
Congrats Andy!
Gotta get up early and teach tomorrow & Sunday at the Mt. San Antonio College Writer's Weekend. #booklearnin'
I love talking with some of my female friends , They are some cool chicas when it's one on one convos and
shhhh... it's time to appreciate the game.
lmao seriously! RT “: Idk why girls wear heels to school, calm down. your going to school, not a club ! -_-”
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his
this is why I love you
In Medias Res => Into the midst of affairs
I can't sleep!
Why are you asking so many fucking questions ➡👵
I've watched so much Thomas & Friends today. We also made pancakes, iced cupcakes, stuffed gift bags, and cuddled. Good morning with Davey!
i had a pretty amazing night >.^
The horror! lol All you need now is some Ed Hardy jeans RT : silk shirt with Abercrombie sweats...oh yeah, that's how I roll ;)
Not an idiot - just a masochistic #Mizzou #Chiefs #Royals fan.
Finally, all the copies of the *redacted* book I've bought are in. ONE IS ALREADY MISSING. People, do not steal this book. I'll kill you.
nope! All are alliterative, not rhyming.
sadly no, but there is a rumor we'll be presented at Genblue. I sent some free codes over to them.
It's pretty cool. I like all the pictures and stuff. As for you following me now? Thrilled! Super great.
Also, I really hope that the game companies are paying you... Because you are selling me on a LOT of games.
My soul is filled with anger
you can take my spot...
im anti bud light, cus bud is wiser
It was great to speak at St. Mary's of the Woods and be with all whose passion is education.
idk i think so but id k !:)
:) not a single person should deprive and damage their body!!
Wait, what's not one-click? And yes, the GET was for OpenSearch
Let us know what no-name Packers play in the game.
I'm gonna be in Orlando on friday!! The 180 lounge is def gonna get turnt up when I come through
It's a problem that I love moving
I will be home for 4/20!!Im tryna set a fucking record for the most weed smoked in 24hrs no bs
Bowling tonight for charity. What are the odds I crack 120 my first game?
Hey ladies, if you're in a rush and only want coffee and soda for your kids, go to a convenience store. Don't sit at my table and lose me
": Yay!! The Boss is opening the Grammys!!!" Your favorite right?!
Stressful week so far..its only tuesday -__-
Just got home and saw that is following me!!!! First thing i did-had a mini spaz attack
Defs just saw some chick wearing "Bob's"
We would look at eachother and not say a word, but so many words were being said..
Got new issue of GQ and waiting for ACLU card. Now I know what I can't afford but should wear when exercising civil liberties!
RT : Ion have shit to do so.. I'm cleaning. Lmao.
I don't think she's ugly but she is built like a defensive end.
“: Backstabbers...” Screw them all! 😒👎
This lady is talking loud as hell about this "herbalife" en espanol .....smh.why cant people use their #insidevoice ??
Good morning to you as well!
Thanks for the info about the west side power outage.
Urghh, I have to song from bridge to terabithia stuck in my head! aha, what I haven't even watched that movie in years!
Blitz by Ducks drops Quizz in the backfield. Third field goal by Kahut give Beavers a 16-14 lead. Nice stand by the Oregon defense.
Take Caltrain to Sunnyvale and cab it.
I know the has to pay for it's online operations somehow, but those pop-ups are REALLY annoying.
The FED has lost their minds. More Stress Tests? For what reason? To cost shareholders like me millions more?
Feeling it today, been training hard all week gonna chill have some coffee and piece of cake maybe.
the mobile friendly site is super cool!
Yea man! I'll send that track soon homie!
#procrastinationlikewoah Turning off the Internet for a little bit.
Time to wake up and get to Miller Park #Brewers fans. Never too early to tailgate!
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent"
We are giving away tickets to see Boots Electric tomorrow at on Sunset. Retweet this message to enter!
Hope you guys stumbled across some great treats on Record Store Day!
OKC is for real !
Interesting comparison. We're not familiar with that particular flavor but you're the expert. :p
"what what" in the fight song. why does this abortion happen?
gettin kinda depressed....
Thanks! Who doesn't think Angostura bitters is a staple? Cheers and have fun at #MCC2012!
don't you love the nike + gps, i use it with my spotify app too so i can listen to anything, the fbook sync didn't work for me
he says ur welcome. and he gonna help me with my chapters and stuff 2day. and he gonna help u tomorrow
So were cool
"Not me ,but ill will be watching : Who havin a viewing party 2nite for part 3 of the RHOA Reunion @ 9pm on Bravo?"
Ayers: scholarship gives us sustainable success that adds to the cultural conversation.
I will never give up on you. Thank you for being such a positive impact on my life.
Thanks, Tim! Did you attend?
#undertaker has returned. No better entrance music in the business.
At pretend city doing a stone soup lesson for the kids!
Oh god, I'm talking to myself on twitter again.
favorite love song L.O.V.E by jessie j
Need a "co-organizer" for my gotowebinars while I speak, maybe record them too. Monthly at 4pm EST. Not rocket science. If interested,...
I got 2 Saturday detentions U KNOW WAT I SAY BOUT THAT OK FUCK THEM BITCHES I HATE MR. ASS FUCK ND MRS. BITCH FUCK ALL I DID IS HAVE CONDOMS
I just wanna know who putting the stamp of approval on all this BULLSHIT music.. i guess ACTUALLY knowing HOW to rap dnt matter...
Praise the Lord. Congrats
Tim Tebow is cover boy of the premiere issue of NFL Magazine. But he doesn't show up inside until the magazine's final quarter.
I am not sure but welcome the opportunity to find out!!
Totally awesome. RT : It's true! RT : Just in case you wondered Rebecca from is super awesome!
yeah she is. i mean i think you can it was just a paper with everyone's name and number on it. im pretty sure you still can.
We're supporting 's anti-social media night
Andre Miller = CLUTCH
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
“: sheesh Jr smith's dunk baseline had to beone of the toughest moves i seen all yr” 1 of the best in game dunks ever ever seen!
If you dont stand for something. You'll fall for anything.
good!!! Working away!!
look for anchor steam.
I Love My Friends !(: ♥
Sarcasm is a weapon in my rhetorical arsenal. I refuse to enter cyberspace unarmed.
Another rant, how can the #Brewers game be blacked out on my mlb.tv package, even though it's not on Fox here
What's going on Big Dog? Hit me up Sat if you have some time. Ttyl
little difficult to conceal that
yeah right
How's MIKKEE
Any Tom Jones fans out there? cc:
Lessons from the NFL Draft: Stay focused & patient until all the picks are made. Your late pick may be your great pick.
In any case, things are good. I'm about to spend three days reading through dusty old documents. An historian's idea of fun.
Oh? Haha! Obviously haven't done too much research into it yet. Stopped at "go to the Netherlands with the iSchool." :)
LOVE IT!!!! ME TOO! I've watched it like... 24 times already. lol. WE NEED THE EP NOW!!! <3 looking forward to it!
omg justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com
haha just a little bit
what do you think? RT : Would you want to text the Oregon Symphony? Or,receive text alerts from us?
I'm pretty sure you hate me now.
madson was just saying on 975 that he gets overhyped for the 9th inning, too pumped up. hasn't had enough exposure there yet.
Guys can have BROmances, girls can have "WOMances."
nm ha why did u tweet all of us?
Kinda weird that I tweeted about music last night and Dick Clark passes away today
Still trying to figure out how the fuck I got a 90 on my AP gov final
If you upload to Rocket21 then it will stay in your Profile...then everyone on R21 could check it out. We love it!
Yay! That always feels so good.
Rotary Foundation made a donation to the Rotary Polio Foundation, in the name of Captain Malfitano
God, girls'd be the best if they weren't the worst.
Coffee, whiskey, sushi, and the residual inspiration of great conversations with friends from throughout the week... I'm ready to write...
one of the nicest flows
I feel bad for the Arby's spokesman that he also has to sing the jingle. Like they downsized the TV ad and gave him more work.
95 degrees today in Vegas. Everyone come on out here and enjoy this weather. And bring some money. Please?
Who like Raquel?!!
weird stuff is happening
News leak: Joe the Plumber to receive endorsement from his twin brother, Mr. Clean.
omg my mom is such a bitch I hate her! Like even when she's being nice, I hate her.
haha well I'm sure he didn't want to make the drive alone, when will you be back?
- Nice. Use a condom next time.
Could ask you a question & could I ask for a follow?
You live in San Diego?? ;o haha well it beats the ordinary :) I'm from ep tx, but ill be outa here soon enough :) wht about u?
RT This is my glass of care \_/ Oh look, it's empty. | why did this tweet make me think of you immediately? Lol
you clearly haven't watched on demand in a while
i'm really dreading this weekend ...
So like I see your girl friend undress herself every odd day, August. You jelly? c;
oh my god aim o:
My mind has been blown. Lilly wrote the song "Alfie" about her brother Alfie Allen... who plays Theon Greyjoy on Game of Thrones!
RT : Pisses me off more than anything when people KNOW we close at 12 and they BS around... It's 12:15. I should be at home
thanks Matt! we'll keep you posted as to our exact launch date. we hope you enjoy.
how come i never c u drift?
i know a kickass project manager interested in gaming/web gaming/mobile if someone is hiring, this person is AWESOME. dm me for deets.
so would you be getting dressed IN bed...?
be sure to order the Ahi!
Just watched #sourcecode - great movie, worth watching...
I'm as happy as a kid waking up for his birthday ! :D
I'm telling you he is a great singer follow him plz
Milton plates two in the fifth and cuts Monroe's lead to 7-5. Don't touch that Twitter dial.
Woo!! it's consumers like you who keep me smiling every day!! RT I bought some Kodak batteries today... Hopefully it'll help :)
Working late on a Friday.. Getting ready to release our new logo and other new things soon!
In college, we used the "5-min rule" for a professor to show for class. How much time for a colleague for work meeting?
Both great choices! I'd also recommend the Red Snapper Tacos, very popular and quite yummy. Enjoy! cc:
GrooveShark is playing Pampers commercials while listening to Last Caress. Hm
tweeting you from Navy Pier right now:) <3 I love you!!
#replacesongnameswithchicken Put Chicken Up, Where Chicken Belongs, Strange Chicken, Chicken To Atlanta...
Rebecca Black songs
They talking about you on the half time report right now. :)
reading NYC news of madam in jail, was struck by irony of her locked up at Rikers vs Zimmerman free after shooting a teen execution style.
June Kilz Army means saving the planet one song at a time.With an evil sounding E minor chord!
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while...
Another sweet upload this morning to #ilovedetroit! Just a few days left to share your story!
Interesting stuff. Toda raba for posting.
#np "Super Friend" & #MaryMary - I just love this song & it makes me love Banner even more, he lays it down on this song!
Alhamdulillah. Appreciate you relaying that on to me.
thank you for the RT
im not ... i told you i loved you 7th period! :)
Tweet about how much loud you smoke and I laugh at you now I know you use to that BS Regina
While nice, I don't think it reflects the real inner you :-/
Never waste your time standing in judgement of others! It is nothing more than a waste of time!
The fight between Texas Lawmakers and Planned Parenthood continues. Find out tonight at 9 how this affects you.
Great business dinner meeting restaurant. Awesome new stuff coming soon for !
How the fuck can you call youself my friend when you make jokes about how I used to cut, and telling me I shouldn't be with your friend,CUNT
hey you. follow . she follows back. :D
red lights love me today
harmony singing, IPA, grillin out, new stereo, plate reverb, twinkle lights kinda day. still giddy from the sh*tty barn on top of it all.
#Wildwood can't come soon enough...only if it's fun though!
nice :D I took a art class over the summer last year =P
Thanks for all the follows. We're happy to join the Twitter fun. We hope to contribute the same, plus great coffee and community.
i think the bengals should and will draft mark barron with the release of crocker
Funny thing about the 1st Amendment is we can voice our opinion, you don't have to like it, just respect each other's rights
Thanks so much!
So my gma was going off and I snuck up on her while her back was turned with 🌹's and a card when she turned around I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
I need to stop being sick. is not going to want to meet me tomorrow if I'm all sick and gross.
do I need to get the nerf gun?
ya!!!! They're on Emoji 2!
when ever i go on a break from studying, i always watch ur videos
How do you like your eggs prepared, ?
Found Cat Alert! Likes car rides - he must have a home!! Southeast Carmel near Clay Middle School. Grey, neutered male....
Having a cappuccino with my client and friend Teresa, former Miss NJ US
Yeah, you've officially been unbestfriended.
just received the best news I could have today. now i can focus.
Happy Birthday!
#onePersonIwouldlovetoFuck *Usher R.* ah *heart flutters*
I love girls but they're impossible
Q4 gc's, wallets, socks, grilling equiptment, little electronic do dads and tools
I watched Casablanca twice last night. Is that weird?
Follow --> We are committed to teaching a lifestyle of wellness empowered by fitness & nutrition
RT : Do something now that will make the person u'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
why the hell did my parents have kids if they can't even handle them.
Working on putting together stress-busters for students in the library during finals week. Possibilities: therapy dogs, yoga, free coffee
Well I guess it's NBA playoff time
oh where do you live? i live like an hour away
After the world premiere in DC, ALICE (in wonderland) travels from to 2012-13. Hopefully Dallas after?
good morning 2 one of my favorite singers. Ur story your spirit your grace is so powerful
I love you just the way you are...
“: #Libras love to share and give, but have to constantly guard against being taken advantage of.”
To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy
Wow she's a fucking dirty hamster I hate her guts
Are you coming to the big game tonight?!
me too! I don't promote it, I just drink it. :) GREAT stuff.
Hello!!! It's been too long since I saw the both of you (Patricia, it's me, Kathy Harris)
Colleges do give you football play-by-play in the game-ending stat package.
Looking forward to attending my first #MARAC next week.
Group projects are nothing more than assigning people to a group & then having 1 person do all the work...& some how that persons always me
bored too :(
aw, I was hoping for Yoda-decorated chocolate cupcake-like treats
My blog is giving me a lot of trouble. Is there a techy person out there who'd be willing to help? Pretty please?
Today I Finally Realized That Sweaty Palms The Giant Has The Best Lyrics On The Planet Earth ....
hey, missed you in class yesterday. What class you will take on Sunday?
You are so freaking Hot!?!
im so happy you have twitter
Very sweet surprise last night a caseworker surprised 1of the grads by inviting her mom to meet her at the grad party.
thank you.
ha Ohio lost
Hah! No it doesn't. Bug, bug, bug. Back to '97!
is partnering with DancEthos.org. Support modern dance choreographers of tomorrow!
Irish car bomb cupcake? We just might have to try one!
At Arthur C. Clarke Awards Excited to hear about ACCCHI Next up: Vint Cerf, recipient of Lifetime Achievement Award!
it is a very annoying class.
I've got a possible alternative.
Leaving Stonewood. I swear i could shop in Bath & Body Works And Hot Topic For Forever.^.^
Kodak says it must raise $500 million in new debt or sell off patents worth billions of dollars to survive -
I'm not keyed into current drama but I'll wager jake and teej?
☼ Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud. Sophocles
You know me too well. Johnny doesn't know what's hit him yet.
we saw yall.YALL GETS IT IN
Of course the black guy goes first. :( This movie is bullshit.
Supermarket donated 20 cases of food to us! We are giving it all away!
Good Point
Just realized battlefield 3 update gave us colorblind assist. Happiest man ever!!!!!
WOW what a freaking brogue kick! #smackdown <OVER THE LIMIT12>
On my tombstone just write, 'The sorest loser that ever lived.' ~Earl Weaver, manager of the Baltimore Orioles
do it! It's so much fun!
Finally got a handle on my conf schedule. That only took two hours
Hey, #phillyete speakers -want to be a guest w/me on the to talk tech- sign up onsite for a 5-10 minute spot.
I'm hungry!
Hey <3 its my husbands birthday tomorrow., and I get my period? No birthday sexx for him(; happy birthday <3
wow is gay haha don't you think so lol
Hey errbody, welcome to the new Corey Nance twitter! I'd love for everyone to head over to myspace.com/toyotamusic and vote for STC :) <3
How's my East coast #Gladiators enjoying the walk down memory lane? The inception of #teamoliviapope => Chicago loves it!
Not Having Time To Come To The BarberShop ? Call US we come TO YOU Yes we goo to your House Office Hotel You Name it We go (305)-401-8108
There are more households in America with #dogs (43 million) then with #kids (38 million). -USA Today, Dec 8, 2011
Happy Friday. Smile today and enjoy life.
Let the adventure begin. 100 plus mile bicycle ride fr Long Beach to San Diego!
Hey everyone! How's your day going?
Time to get going.
take me home country rd to a place i belong west virginia mountain mama take me home
Everything's eternal til it ends. Claiming it's permanent may just perpetuate the delusion.
GM! Last night was an unforgettable experience. Thank you for the great show! I will be seeing you on May 3rd in Bmore! Safe travels!
hm thats lame
been trying to get ahold of your PR for months with no response. Best email address?
Choir concert went well tonight. One more day of school and the wisdom teeth.
dodgeball fight is tomorrow! should we do guys vs girls or mix it up?
We need to put this in the OU commercials, right after the scientists. RT : Why can't dogs catch their breath very easily?
what you got on schedule so far?
I just got a cocktail for a gift!
How just how can you wake up in the morning knowing you are over 25 and still fighting like a middle schooler #Basketballwives Smh
What a amazing day...Alec Bradley prensado. The best.
is still high?
Doing a live facebook chat tonight with at 6pm central!
Playing tonight at the Harlem Ave. Lounge with Pistol Pete!
Today is stress free day. make the best of it.
Stuck in Little Rock trying to fly past the storm to DFW. I have tix to see hit a boomstick off CJ. RT for luck Mike?
F you at?
I remember when I was on twitter all the time and everyone loved Facebook. now everyone hates Facebook and loves twitter(:
if Libya is going to be free. No more dictators!
The pizza was good (: but I don't wanna eat more.
Holiday Green Tip: By doing your Holiday shopping online, you can save fuel, emissions, and probably get a good bargain along the way!
Haha...that was awesome. If she's a man then I am going gay for sure ^_^
thank you for the #FF!!
...maybe bro is the kat!
Awh this man said I looked like al b sure at #UWG ...
Long day ahead of mr
nukes noticeably absent from that pledge.
okay u havin fun
gotta take some "me" time now and then.
Hi there 2famousTV
Should I go horseback riding tomorrow?!
Haha yeah he came to the Dixie for breakfast this mornin lol
Nice weather today. ☀
Will you be my Valentine?
Hanging out with bri and Claire :p
I get to spend #Jerzday in Texas today :)
MY FRIENDS AND I WANT TO SEE THE NOTEBOOK MASTERPANCAKE THIS WEEKEND BUT YOU'RE SOLD OUT :( help us out!!!
birthday drinks and birthday sush
In the moon or ON the moon?
like you said it's the year of the Youth and God is using the arenas in a big way!
My niggas Shaq at the lines they Brick hard turn any rental into a zip car
still not !! I'm still pissed my body is my temple lol
Hola Vida, ever passing through Boston again? Met you twice before at events lol keep up the great work :)
Keep up the #ShortyAward Nominations!
Dear Eminem, Not only do we have the same name, but we're both black on the inside too Sincerely, M&Ms.
#Memberprofilein140: Biz attorney Andrew May excels @ contracts + hedge funds & litigation. "A fresh approach to a venerable profession."
RT you get a pass this morning lol// cool! Lol
<3 solidarity forever.
to what blacks went through. I think the Black Panthers should be punished for what they did too, but come on.
I <3 AC + KG. Happy 2012 from the boyz in DC.
do u even have a team : )
She was on my flight back to NY. She's fucking gorgeous. I think i'm in love.
So excited to be back in with my favorite collaborator ... The music feels so good!
Coldplay have completely hijacked the worldwide trends.
Sometimes we fall in love with the wrong person. But that 'wrong' person prepared us for the 'right' one.
Why is it that all the dumbest people I know are also the most highly-educated, and all the sharpest people I know are dropouts? #wtf?
wif my cuzin hanging out n chilling
do u mean how or hwo !???
you are very welcome.
it's an oddly perfect double feature.
Favre was a Jet
Happy Happy Birthday ! xo
So has anyone ever had one of those days where they want to drink .. But can't ..Because of school .. But still do!?
RT : Thanks for the RT. Authors, please check out SPAN for a wealth of helpful info.
I don't even know why people think this movie is scary
that's what I am talking about! Me too.
That awkward moment when you wake up and your dog is licking your face and you think it's your boyfriend.....
Louisville surprising early shooting three and offensive rebounding better than expected
Tobe - Are you prepared to make the leap from customer service to customer experience?
If your friends are lost in the woods, you need to know where they are before giving directions.
Tonight & Present: ! Best House Music Night in LA!
Love the weather today!
I don't care so shut up -.-
's avatar cracks me up every time I see it. Every. Single. Time.
A1: teams should drive engagement with fans via players and own twitter handles
good evening to all twitters!!~
are you going to the game?
lmao you started it ! Your way more harsh then I am
I think I am registering for HealthCampBoston and SocialPharmerBoston!
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing, beautiful mothers. You guys are absolutely amazing! (:
I can't even sleep without them
dawg would u leave me the fuk alone for I blow ur $hit out
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ALICE!! I miss your crazy ass SO much!  I better be seeing you this summer! Have a great day boo:*
I'm a little nervous that my acupuncturist may be stressed out. This will either be the best session...or the worst. (crossing fingers)
Helluva job by Strop to get out of that giving up just 1 run
Why do little kids feel the need to look through the cracks in the doors when I'm going pee?
Cupcake invasion ! Oh
Blah blah make money be happy :)
Hahahaha that I did
Eating some chicken ramen noodles. Um um good ;-)
yes his account looks hacked. Who is that?
On a brighter note GO SPURS GO! Memphis or the clippers? WE SHALL SEE!
I was up all night on these realignment issues, and just one thing is clear: I can drink milk and eat cookies all night long.
When's it booze time?
Yahoo! paid 4 firms a total of $160,000 for lobbying in first part of 2012
I used to have nothing...now I got a whole lott of everything
Long lost goodbyes can bring with them hellos
"To Kill a Mockingbird" at the is TO BE SEEN. Hurry, while there are still tickets.
Good ride with C-Hill moto posse... Beacon hill, george town, waterfront, magnolia and ballard.
Ugh i dont wanna go home! I jus wanna stay rite here wit him!
Jim Harbaugh now qualifies for a Grip-Rite endorsement.
Paint & canvas and 30 solid days of studio. #metacognitive retreat.
yeah it's great they are reliving the 90s
neighborhood #Date with Rob ;D
The lady on the 31 bus is so talkative! Loves!
A shout out to Jarrod and Andrew, two new \ˈspēk-ˌē-zē\ facebook fans!
everyhitng you do makes me wanna kill you becasue your such a FAKE (in the bad way) HYPOCRITE
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.”
Watching Hope for Haiti Now.
RT : What kind of world do we live in that the has to apologize for the "extinguished" remark on game 5.
We were thinking "Grease." RT : Dear #OccupyWallStreet: We've read your demands, we've seen this play before. It's called "Greece."
haha i was just getting home of course =P
And Bolton scores to tie Stoke...
Great job hun!!!! You get my vote
someone had to style those soldier's hair!
unless ur getting ur tongue mixed up then no I don't have 1 ;-*
let me know - looking forward to your feedback
I'm so jealous lol
I'm attending the Masie LMS conference tomorrow in Chicago. Looking forward to some great intelligence on the current state of lms systems.
Bored as hell!
Pickup Line: Do you sleep on your stomach? No. Can I?
Let's get down to business, to defeat this test. I am el loco.
Woo hoo. RT : hyped to see the homie speak at today!
I'm sick and staying off of work...
Happy birthday to Bob Marley, the legend.
Hello Raymond, thank you for the mention and as always I appreciate your support and encouragement.
Then again, if you're tall & attractive, bring yo ass over here lol
“ Wrath is not the opposite of love. It is the love of God in action against anything that opposes it.”
We are that awesome for sure!
Really like the color choices, #graphics & #layout on your #website. Very nice, well done #design work! :) :)
“: Gabby Giffords looks great! God bless her recovery! #tcot” Amen!
hi i love you k bai!(:
that one for me too? :/
I can't fucking stand the people in my life.
Hope you know that you ain't got shit coming here
Goes to king of Prussia mall... first stop- food court.
I followed you. Asked others to as well. Because you are cool. :)
on my way home from NYC
My day was pretty bad but the heat won so ended aight hopefully better days to come god bless
damn red sox..
Has another blast at johnny's Irish pub tonight. Can't wait to have the cd available for you
I know I can't wait I'm totally done with basketball :)
Advertisement appears now!
Get a nice tan and make new memories. That's all I really wanna do. This summer will be a summer to remember.
welcome! If I end up goin to breadco,what do you want?ill prob change my mind 10x before I get food..
Men take care of their famiy while boys seek attention and approval from others. Which one are you?
chillin on it mane tryna get it back goin again... u been good?
According to spox no change in #WalkerFailure on right to work. So, one answer for billionaires & different one for the rest of us?
Poynter's Iron Pit Gym / Richmond, Ky is open on #christmas eve from 9am-2pm
And I'm starving!
#ff realizing that the hole in the donut is the donut hole, and those other things are donut balls
U selfish! : I need a cold POP!
I already do brah:)
Calling all Whitney Meyer / The Voice fans!!!! Whitney is playing the first set of songs at the Museum's First Thursday tonight! Starts...
Touch me, tease me. Feel me and caress me, hold on tight and don't let go.
how about cock fighting? When I loved in Thailand ppl watch that.
Sigh enjoying Ashley while I still can! Smh~
was great seeing u!!! & I got my hug! Love u!
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
I know it's ridiculous....
Mariah Carey says... Take A Look at Me Now!
just made the best damn sweet potato waffle I've EVER tasted on God's green earth!!!!
sorry,i just needed to get mad at someone and you were the closest to my Last Nerve.
my neighbor is selfish. He uses the front of my house as a personal parking lot by moving one car & parking another. Its terrible!
You went from my TOP 5 to my Remaining 5.
"Digging" for previous sonic histories may not require going down, but rather looking at the surface, and looking up.
Just swapped palms w/ and on 6th st. Bat bridge I come
yeah I know - as does my wallet :(
Gonna tell me my eyes are lieing!
Only childish bitches fight over pickles
Aww, thanks y'all! :)
I'm obsessed with that game. Such a creative idea, so well-executed.
Thank you for following! ♥Bretana♥
umm i haven't seen it yet Dx... so you're good lol
fruit boots
#StevenTyler looked like teenage girl thats strung out on crack & heroin...
It's a myth that all black men have big dicks. We have ginormous dicks! Ask your girl!
Does Another Earth have scenes shot in Hamden? Loved the West Haven shots. Been there so many times. Never imagined it filmed.
Studying for finals begins now. Welcome to
Our health always seems much more valuable after we lose it.
that's my favorite type of weather :)
Ouron is on Netflix. Thus begins an unproductive night.
Technically Beethoven would've called it B. RT : Beethoven Awareness Month. Be there or B-flat.
lmfao what class was it?
Did you just hear a cork pop? - We did! It's National #Champange Day and we're celebrating with a Delamotte Blanc de Blancs
continuing with aging detectives: HARRY LIPKIN, PRIVATE DETECTIVE by Barry Fantoni - the oldest P.I in Miami Booklist star
wow. Can't compete with that. It's finals week here. Then, summer sessions starts. New position begins July 1.
Anyone know how to find pdfs of the Story Time brochures does? I swear I've found them before...
Good morning and Happy Friday! We're pumped to play some more music for you tonight!
never been so excited to read a book in all my life, "Sh*t My Dad Says" and "I Suck At Girls" by Justin Halpern
Can't sleep right now because of how exciting it is to see and Jack White tomorrow. here we come
loved Vegas Vacation! That one, the original and Christmas Vacation were the best. European Vacation was funny but the weakest
Exciting and entertaining bowl game! Go NIU! Get that ref's mic fixed!
man forget goin to meetings i just want to watch #ESPN all day
Being a good listener means you are a good friend.
When Zimmerman get off, what yall gonna do?
Does RG3 think that punting stats are going to put him over the top for the Heisman?
Haha.....What the heck was wrong with that bird? :/
Drop on by! We're getting ready to move so things are a bit hectic, but we're still functional.
hey Jill, hope all is groovy with you. Watch the show tonight.
doing me dirty lmao
Very, very, very...tired
After the Karateka remake, of course.
Late night cravings... But it's only 10...
oh right. I always forget about that part
Thanks for the warning.
": Just Got Thru Hoopin Wit & Now Time For #Next2Naked"
Day 75 of 100: I am thankful for my flat tire today - it got me to see that I can do much more than I think I can :)
I can't message you because you aren't following me, but please use this email: thanks!
Blake Griffin because I don't believe what I see on tv.
I miss you lacy!!! I thought about calling you yesterday to hang but I figured you were busy... :/
I'm still trying ti get mine together I just need a red hat, and overalls
Wait 20 years, gain about 50 more pounds, and there's a TNA contract with your name on it.
Thank You Heidi #gratitude RT : LOVE Float On!~So happy ur here in PDX.
would that evolve into Words with More Than Friends?
My sisters gonna swim ! #SheCrazy !
True RT : a4- depends customer outcomes u r trying to drive. customer acq/preference/sow/referral rate/ new prod adptn rate
Hahaha is absolutely clowning on and So good.
spring break!!!! the bambinos are home all week, looking forward to a fun filled week (and multiple trips to the grocery store!)
you're more than welcome! :)
I don't usually play the lottery but $640 million can fund a lot of game projects!
TGT IS BACK ALL SUPPORTERS!!!!! THEY UNLEASHED APRIL 20 SO GET READY FOR MORE REAL RNB MUSIC
You can donate to the Red Cross at any HEB at the register. I'm at Wm Cannon and Brodie til 10a.
Not being wrong doesn't necessarily make you right.
depending how much I get paid
#gameday i know will have her girls ready. We have to come out ready to compete.
Mahalo.com looking for developers,I will look out here in new York. Love mahalo.com
If anyone uses yahoo messenger send me your id in a DM.
Check out , she rocks Twitter.
right.. i don't know :l
Funny how #drupal best practices can be ignored when time is of the essence.
#mbchats Calvino's If on a Winter's Night a Traveler. And Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. And A Brave New World. And 1984.
Happy Easter! delivers Easter Baskets to Sunrise Children's Hospital with the Easter Bunny!
Steak and Wine night this evening. Come enjoy a Rib-Eye for just 16.95 or our Drunken Hangar for 12.95!
really nice, everyones dream!
Life's a bitch, so fuck it.
Women earn just 76 cents for every dollar men earn in wa state. One of the worst gaps nationally.
haha me either. We should set something up!
Bryce Harper getting a nice round of boos from the Dodger faithful. First AB here.
can i haz
I'm going to start saying "sorry I'm not sorry" more often. It always makes me chuckle when you kids say it.
Have a gr8 Wednesday, everybody. :)
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score?
Hope u all r having a great day.:-)
CHECK OUT the freebie PizzaHut Uw Campus has running today for the Packer Game, this is a deal you don't wanna miss!
Will DM u, had a stumbling block, but trying to get updated version up this wkend. i.e. before nxt wk's hearing.
Great meeting , looking forward to working with you!
Nigga light skin jus started....22 year ago lol but man bout ta go over dis nigga c crib an watch him promote lol
Is there a reason why myTransit no longer gives bus times?
Thanks,! Happy Birthday, !
“: No idea why that girl is crying, but I obvs relate to her.”
they screwed up the NCAA tourney one too many times, so now he has declared war.
yes, I most certainly do. and I have a big interest in promoting ICT4E in Latin America.
Great day at apc...besides the fact that I was looked down upon !!!!!!!!!
10 more minutes to go for tickets to Chili Cookoff. Don't miss out. Grab them at Popped! Republic at Farragut Square.
He who would leap high must take a long run. Danish Proverb
no for another class. That proposal is still die by the 9th afar as I know.
idk. you tell me!
just not working today. Trying to update apps all I get is Error 13 and Error 100.
Come in & square off against the Chef. If you win, he'll buy you a Peroni.
Writing today. Editing tonight.
did...did you...change your...icon?
Good thing me and each have a friend now!!! 😘
Congratulations to the #VCURAMS! Any chance we can borrow for our youth basketball leagues soon?
Thanks, Laura!
has leading corporations using their beta product including IBM & Intel
Up to Clearwater for the day. You're bad weather.
omg i know! i wish they had all their movies on instant queue and you could just pay more for it. have you seen limitless?
I thought we were done telling on people in 5th grade.
damn technology is amazing. i got my phone plugged into my computer and i im using the internet on it. Verizon can suck my dick! haha
Ok! ok! i rest my case! i will make a twitter! :) ..
is it terribly crowded at coffee zone? Everywhere on campus is crazy right now I might head that way
but since navteq is int he mix, still a 5K daily limit.
ooh, i can bring in one of the many cans of ghirardelli hot cocoa mix that are tumbling around my apartment!
Franklin square, 3 trucks here slinging tacos for lunch, it's like the dc taco truck hall of fame.. So come down and mcnabb some lunch a$ap!
hawaii for the week
OMG ~~~ My daughters having a GIRL :) ~~~~~ IM going to be an Aunt LOL I know I dont feel like a Grandma, LMAO
Thank you Austin for making our first year as The Goat a success!!
When they are succesful, teams are often said to achieve something which is greater than the sum of their individual parts! Let's do this!
My stomach hurts </3
Yes sir, we'll be a the rally!
Good evening Thanks for following Newark Twinning! Watch this space for proms news.
damn, got all the way down there and they were not there...boohoo...lol
I'll try and think of a great story angle for you. Maybe how to have fun in Tahoe without snow.
BRING ON THE HUMP!
Donnie didn't come? I bet the place was packed.
Love is so confusing, I wish I could just hate everyone equally, that would make my life so much easier, and less confusing.
who did your shots!
EfS Standard A. Cultural Preservation & Transformation - Discern w/ others what to preserve and change so that future generations may thrive
I don't have a bike
be happy:D
AT&T and T-Mobile seem to be spending money based on the assumption that the purchase by AT&T will be approved. That seems unlikely now.
those are the worst...and I'm past the whatever stage and moving on to the see ya later stage lol
Dang, you got me on that one! "general practitioners (GPs)" (grrrr)
S/O to my good friend Kile Brooks who once had 20 rebounds in a game for the Augusta Panthers!! Follow him please so he will stop 😢!!!!
;* (Blows Kiss) down my TL.
beautiful weekend ahead for nyc..... check out and and enjoy their outdoor dining areas!
1 yr membership FREE @ www.TheGymPro.com, use promo code "fit" in the field after the Account Info page during the sign up process. FREE!!!
Oh Okay Then.Still i'll be watching...Every inch,every minute, every hour.Even in lunch.Oh what the heck u know i wouldn't.
We review all submissions in real time to be sure they are on brief. If not we go back to the creator and discuss how to change
Congrats on registering for the GMAT! Which MBA programs are you considering?
You have no idea how much better my toes feel now
Sittin her plotin how ima get my boy out of jail
": 2012 is a scary year"
"Quit undressing us virtually"
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay There are five lights
lol we can't win. Apparently I look like everybody with Dreads.
only 2ish more years till i can leave for good.... thats nowhere near soon enough.
I know exactly what you mean.
you said it!
Occassionally I'll be looking through the Demi tag and people will either be talking to "her" or about "her" blog. If she had one, she'd
#ThoughtsAtWalmart these lines are too damn long
we all miss you! Come visit us soon!
I can't get on #Facebook on my computer, cell internet or app. #FB sucks right now!!
I say bad things then I feel bad. But fuck it. Especially when the person doesn't deserve a sorry.
why just for the night?
Why do all the dweebs hit me up ??/
If you're visiting Washington DC and you go to a Subway to eat, die. Just go die.
what's blue? like blue's clues?
At the dine in theater amc about to see Paranormal Activity 3
I don't care what you think about me, I don't think about you at all
You're the sweetest, Courtney!
lol so... Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland...?
Absolutely!!! I'm also coming with my MogulMediaTV Team :)
Twitter agrees, Ned. Twitter agrees.
City-Utd this afternoon will be a nice study break
is there any place to buy non gmo seeds locally?
You know you love eating vegan, you big baby!
Pacers surprising everyone? No, just those who believe that individuals can dominate a team sport.
I really like the packers four 7th round picks. Not a big drop gap between 7th rdrs and UFAs, but UFA get to pick where they go. (1/2)
Goodnight <3 Tommy!! =)
The library will be CLOSED on Mon., Oct. 10 for Columbus Day... But stop by tomorrow for live music 1-3pm!
If Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. was alive, what would he be tweeting about?
Enjoying working at the celebrity fashion show! Go Dallas best!
Happy Easter to you too.
This song has tired me the flip out! I hope it sounds good to you guys!
Yes. Attack ads must only be used on fellow GOPers.": Is Romney right to pre-emptively repudiate the Jer Wright/Obama attack ads
Finished with my first film audition party time! :)
On what the first blunt a nigga smoked wasn't grass
me and watts gonna come get some forreal
This fool.... lol
I CAN'T BREATHE OUT OF MY FACE
Lemme just add my voice, in the hopes that SLA will listen, and say that ASKPro is a *horrible* name for an org of info/knowledge workers.
Thanks for the retweets!
so true!
in?old writing is part of Bible?(do u know who decided,betcha dont like that answer)
yeah!! Im fine
I would never eat a fly, I like cheeseburgers
who is our governor working for ???????? We need better housing in NYC okay
LA or Den?
im w/ ya
cuz things aint right (; Dale, close your eyes and pray.
Rep. Bob Filner has pledged to support the #nurses' proposal to #taxWallStreet!
Matt Light retiring. A fantastic player for the #Patriots for a decade. Good news for DEs and OLBs in the AFC East.
get rid if cable
iThink I'm officially addicted to this shit .
hey it's tough enough to throw down for my self...
A million things to do between now and tomorrow, so not much contact until I'm settled in. Still need food.
Just finished my last rehearsal for final scenes, and I'm feeling real good about it! Now bedtime!
whenever I see dance on #DWTS I get so happy.
well rite now it hot ass hell at nitetime.
well if you have a legal license for a medical reason its the same as having a pill prescribed to you
On my way to see at
Can I askk you a qestion?
That awkward moment when Santa has the same wrapping paper as your parents.
Honestly, when people talk with even an ounce of certainty about God, I want to run away.
So, have you read Ready Player One? Do. It is freaking awesome!!
not particularly... sneaky! =P
You betcha. See ya soon. I owe you a beer.
I'm sure that makes Liverpool feel great thanks WB
2day is my last day working 4 and State Assembly. Thanks to everyone who made my time @ Capitol and Sac terrific!
3 hour joe rogan podcast and then an always sunny marathon makes for a pretty good monday
scraps stands w/all his brothers & sisters in their struggle against the man. supports all strikes & general insurrection. happy may day!
»[ say boom bitch ]» boom
Although I don't agree w/how the RnR Hall of Fame runs most of their things & even though I don't agree w/all of...
I don't care how the Mets do it... Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good!
I really miss my fam doe and my bruddas:-{
New texture. Sigh. Step 1: Switch type to Image, switch mapping method to UV. Oh to have this be the default.
NO STOP IT LOOK MAD GOD
i'm proud of me and you, because i'm a good teacher and you learned some things in spanish on skype with me I'M A GOOD TEACHER
...first world problems, I know.
Try "The BC" on The BIRN-Berklee Internet Radio Network with DJ BiGMAN for the new best music coming out from the UK!
who could deny these butterflies?
Well, that went fast. The 10 half price "cornelius" tickets are gone. Maybe we'll do it again soon.
be jealous
well go ahead if that tickles your fancy lol!!!
hi Brick Stone Remington!
Just watched joyful noise with my family. I really liked it too(:
best wishes. i love yr poems & video poems &c. by the way. have i actually said that? they're awesome.
In your location I would suggest sharing Feed The D's Facebook, Twitter and Website, or maybe even consider donating.
under 6' buzzed hair. : Help me out. Was Mo, Larry or Curly? Over 6' or under 6' tall? Shaved head?
Happy birthday by the way amigo!
Happy Birthday Kenny! Thank you for all you do for Justin<3 Lets get Happy Birthday Kenny Trending beliebers!
I WANT A PUBLIC APOLOGY FROM #CJWATSON. AND THEN STILL KILL YOSELF
hey angie this colby
“: The awkward moment when Dora the explorer finds out about Google maps.” hahaha
Hurting yourself hurts others
HEADED TO MINK !!!! COME HANG OUT !!!
I guess ima just watch a movie
Allow no more than 3 minutes between participant interaction opportunities
Cant believe I graduated from GU a yr ago...time flies! I am blessed with amazing family&friends & and an amazing job.
BINKY AND JAMIE NEED TO GO OUT ALREADY. Asdfgjkl
That sounds amazing.
DIG IT! RT : Four Hour Extravaganza begins........NOW!
had that in mind also. Ha. Match one an I will sample some dope vynl tonight. Bring over my mpc.
Big shout out for including my girl Carolyn Wonderland in your MArketing Evangelist Must Read-as usual - You (and Carilyn!)Rock!
To succeed, jump as quickly at opportunities as you do at conclusions. ~ Benjamin Franklin
is wondering who told the young men of the world today that wearing their pants HALF OFF THIER ASS, showing thier dirty undies WAS SEXY?
Now Westbrook is the best PG on da game! Come on Joker!
Little Noni Horowitz merely a year away from LUCAS and only a few years from becoming the strange and unusual Lydia Deetz!
so #excited for this shoot! Geting ready to go viral ;)
Happy Mother's Day to all you mothers! :)
When buying a house,don't let attractive cosmetics influence you.You can buy a tired-looking house, make the cosmetic improvements yourself.
Cleaning help needed at one of our 5 locations call 4801602 #abq car wash and laundry
Jordan your second on my list ;)
ya babay!!!! :) thank you!! She has been doing the butt cut FOREVER!!!!!!!!!
need some help with QR codes...you the guy?
No, I won't be at the Bonner Brothers show. Sure, DM me when you have some free time. I will follow you back.
thank you!
I'm about to buy a guitar. yay!
what u think of that marvel game on fb ?
I had to unfolow because twitter put a limit on my followers and unfollowed pepl by itself
or even renaissance
Great to see you on Twitter! Missed you at POCC. Hope to see you soon...
them hoe ass west memphis boys better hope they dont get caught in Marion. on god. you gon get plucked 1 by 1. BITCHES!
I'd like to paint my kitchen, but i'm never in there.
Sometimes the smallest things mean the most!
Seeing at tonight!
How fucked up do you have to be if your waiting, excited, for your younger brother so you can tell him his bunny died?
I hadn't paid much attention to my bracket, but still in it with 3 of my Final 4 picks still alive. UNC over Kansas, babe!
Rapping GWB instead? // RT just confirmed that he does NOT have any rapping Obama vids as part of his talk.
Bravi! Bravo that my big celeb crush is teaming up w/ my favorite 80s rock star for her
thanks so much for the follow!!! The Mattrezzz Guys can help you live stronger with a new mattress so keep us in mind!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE LUV YA :)
Amazing sunrise at Palmetto Bluff's this morning.
yea it is!
Good morning
I done told you bout that default! lol RT : be playing games lol
maybe you're in DM limit. Like you dm too much and yeah,reached the limit.
Peyton Manning on the Broncos would be sick af
Thanks guys!
Teal's strength is running forward right past people. Why wouldn't you keep him wide to do just that? CJ can hold it up and play teal in...
Belatedly began #CodeYear from Seeing a blackjack program downstream brings me back to Mr. McWerter's C+ class at SSHS in 1997.
Jessica Alba's Bobby Pinned Updo at the Rodeo Drive Holiday Lighting Ceremony - StyleBistro StyleBistro Jessica Alba 's Bobby Pinned Updo
I just followed her
Yes! We're open for spring break! We're open normal hours with the exception of being closed Friday 3/35, a university furlough day.
Welcome to who are working to build a new #hospice for young adults in the North West. Best of luck!
RT : John Boehner said half the people who get hit by millionaire's tax are small businesses. Truth-O-Meter says False....
RT : karaoke is singing with the band this year. See their set list for ideas at
Looks like we will be sharing a hashtag with Celebrity Big Brother in the UK this week. Wieland, anybody?
thanks for RT. :)
Too excited for 21st birthday
congrats on the new site! Looks great : )
"Love isn't a maybe thing, you know when you love someone".
My new book, "Power Principles for Success" is being launched next week! Get your copy on Amazon.com.
It's funny that there are more seagulls in the Wal Mart parking lot than at the beach. But I guess they know where the trash is...
thanks to all the awesome tweeters catching on to the tweet trend for missing tommy hecht! keep it up!
new Checkered Socks post just to let you know! Peace
- I wanna know , who's going to bee the first to wish me a happy birthday at 12 . ( :
LOVE me some Local Habit! Doesn't matter where it comes from as long as its organic, right :)
how are things, any new projects? are you going to Europe or what?
- Are you aware that there is a hashtag #whyilovecanada? My favorite is "It's not America." Or is it?
lol. I'm excited. My teeth hurt so much though argh I'm goin crazy right now. You chillin or closin?
On THIS I agree MT : Paul says heroes r MLK, R Parks, lays into wartime deaths, imprisonment of blacks.
If only they could improve, or be happy with themselves instead of tearing down others. It's a shame.
Very nice! Good to know about. Awesome job with this extension.
Its such a beautiful day(:
Between love and hate
Lmao. It's a joke. Lol
Mother of pearl. Pooped out but now must exercise with the Kinect. Those squats are cruel to my muscle-less leggies.
Meat raffle!
Living right in the middle of shit town
A4 Anyone working for a big brand should watch what they tweet/post...especially about same industry!
Good morning FB and my Tweet peeps!!
wahoo! Love it when storytellers get to tell (at least some of) their stories!
@ RevRunWisdom, Very true. Praise is wonderful. Mark Twain said that he can go two months on a good compliment.
he'd started being suddenly and intensely cruel to me, both in person and online. it's a long story.
Ah those were the days 😌
Um, that weaponized caffeine sounds *intense*. I am intrigued...
GAH! Even my idea about ideas was already someone's idea.
RT: Every person deserves some one who makes them smile & laugh at their worst moments. We all deserve something better.
Even if they won't know the origins, I think we can keep the 8/16-bit style alive. I think it's our duty.
Black and Yellow?! More like Black and Blue! :-)
that's awesome. A lot of talent out of Texarkana.. Tra Carson as well. Tra Carson too
and balloons
I wish I were one of those lucky people going on vacation for the holidays...........
The real hipster nannies of Brooklyn
Focused on the positive today :)
i actually went to great lengths to release it, because it insisted on continually slamming itself against the window.
I can sing you a million songs and mean every word in all of em
Everyone wish our lead singer Sean Neumann a Happy 21st Birthday!!
Actions speak louder then words!
lol ... She must not understand ... It aint going through her mind
netflix instant play?
Give yourself the power to make choices in your life.
The LimoLiner ride out of NYC is certainly bumpy. On the highway now, and it's relatively smooth sailing.
thanx alot candice i think i got the flu
Same here!
Under SOPA(Stop Online Piracy Act), you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him
Good morning :)
I don't see the issue. It's a purebred whose owners are responsible and raised $$$$$ for the Humane Society.
RT Acting is a craft and an art & that's great if u wanna do community theater. But it's also a biz.
You are welcome. We love your mission and hope to help you.
seriously? it's May.
Lil Wayne video tomorrow ... One Wonder in the bldg
Heard You guys ROCKED it Congrats! Can I have her back now!!!
im so cool i didnt even show up to my own party
My pleasure, Jim!
looky at you!
#primaryschoolmemories where I meet the love of my life....who I don't end up with lmao
Wow. Last minute and I mean last minute goal for Dallas. #DalvNE. I feel so bad for NE. That was terrible defending though.
yes it is. Just have to run a program on the iPhone to jailbreak it. I know all the tricks 😉.
ima cocaine cowboy.
you're amazing , just the way you are . ; goodnight :) text me .
#SouthwestAirSale need to watch out for terrorists more.
Faith will keep you doing. Even when u don't know what you're doing. Faith will keep u going. Even when u don't know where you're going...
You know how Pee-Wee Herman married fruit cocktail? I'd marry ' peanut butter cup cake.
I mocked Matthews to the #Ravens in round 3....nice call...love his game and hands...great body control
They'll be available at the event!
They do a Jane Eyre every year... sheesh!
Get the flick ✈
really? Aw thank you so much!! :)
if not, see us at the Gorge for Watershed! : )
If it works, you realize I'll have to hire you every time I audition? ;)
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell me I'm overreacting. Care to die?
Eff it.....oh well
Folks, the people of North Carolina elected John Edwards, so what happened yesterday should be no surprise.
they are the sweetest girls you could ever meet please follow you wont regret it
It Was Easy, the debut record from DC band Title Tracks, is an amazing piece of work, go buy it tomorrow!
On my way home from todays' Racial Disparities conference in Albany. More later...
Went to Riverbend tonight, waited a million hours...got stormed on...left because we heard she wasnt playing...right when we left, she began
The last place said, "I dont think our chef can do that, but he'll give it a try".
Nigga please!! that song is amazing!
I wouldn't mind a summer romance. 
And we totally miss you. :*(
B: 4 point whatever million for Corey Hart. Like everyone said this past winter. What a bargin!!
3rd car registered in under a year and currently hold the mayorship of the DC DMV on #foursquare #personalFail :(
we haven't seen you in the chatroom for a long time now
haha yes! Ready to crush this final?
Gettin sentenced for man slaughter isn't bad....(: only on Lifetime!
omg I don't even remember it was a while ago
You are a grown man. Stop playing with your silverware
Just finished mastering 2 new songs for Rickie Fox. Let's render some video files from NTSC to PAL now... how fun is that?
New Hair Mag at UpDoZ.com Looking for Stylist Submissions + Designer Input & Cover Ideas / Themes - Stylist Competition Coming May 2011
Exhibits are now open! REMINDER: Today from 2pm-4pm is the spotlight on Adult Lit. Exhibits close today at 5pm.
awesome new profile pic!
you have no reason to act this way.
Maybe, maybe not. Let's find out.
Has anyone built a good Test Runner plugin in #SublimeText2? Not worried about the language... just wondering if it's possible.
Marriott this year
hahahahaha sorry but holy hell good luck haha": Finally on Round 3 #NFLdraft #Raiders"
...cause I don't speak Spanish all that well, I'm outta cash and I'm drunk as hell
"If you can dream it you can do it." Walt Disney
Loving all the people in my life
you guys should start flower shop.
Yes, is a wealth of information (esp. about Twitter) and a master curator in my book! :)
Ok, who shoull win The Voice?
11 more hours and
haha it's true bro lol
... and the Twitter app does not update my profile pic from Twitter.
Is this a Ron Artest siting????
Goodnight beautiful people
bro is my favorite racist dipshit.
I was called "Ma'am" and "Old" in the same sentence tonight.
LOL prove my point even further.
Who hasn't done their homework? Me...
Conference on Higher Education Pedagogy. Excellent
What I have to say is more important than who I am.
i love prank calling, but getting them is so retarted. i hate them. -_-
Good on ya for the follow...you're right on par
Should have twittered my NYC art bonanza weekend...instead, some post-trip thoughts...
wanna text new friends but girls doe....
No more excuses Q pick-up bball 2012 will be in full swing next week.
TY for SO and #FF!! Inspired week my friends! ♥ Aoede ♪♫
It's 2:30 on my birthday, TF am I gonna do today??
Haha Yess! They are getting the job done even if ur tweets about Texas make me sick.
“: Girls Who Rock Beef & Broccoli's >>>” Or Regular Wheat Tims !
Possession of material riches, without inner peace, is like dying of thirst while bathing in a lake. - Paramahansa Yogananda
will do.
Just had one of those "have a break down and get a pep talk from an audience that is only your friends" thanku Baltimore, it's been awhile.
med school is silly.
I'll be home Friday night! We should plan something for saturdaY night!
ha! Say something, I dare you!
I was raised in Haiti and my mom was born there, and seeing the outporing of support is so moving to me. THANK YOU on behalf of everyone.
I feel much better btw :)
Haha... I hope so! I don't think you've missed 1 of my classes yet. You coming to Milwaukee next week for ?
Would you drive drunk with kids in the car? Local mom joins growing list of parents accused of doing this. Only On KOIN at 4pm
I think I am missing something here. HR, like Human Resources?
I swear the hood is dead,some them niggas like old tires that need to be rotated..
The Silk Tie likes Damianqualter!
says he would like to "end the madness" that occurs every ten years on redistricting.
well, notes !
Also, by the end of season 1 does Cersei Lannister or Viserys, the platinum-blond incesty brother, die? I'd cheer for that.
So jealous. Mine should arrive on Thursday. How is it?
One great marketing #campaign isn't enough. Marketing is a way of
For a really long time. I can't remember haha
Check out keyannarochelle
That makes two today :'(
I miss you too! No updates. This is going to be really hard :/
Birthday shoutout to ! Enjoy your day. I miss you already.
I agree! RT : Via speaker panel... Every high school student should graduate knowing how to code.
How different is your version from Liz Einbinders? Went on hers and loved but don't remember Lusty Lady.
Phenomenal poster art project from Maine, come check it out! @ the art of social justice conference
the reason.
Another reboot of the D&D rules? The series hasn't been the same since the 70s and 80s. Too corporate and convoluted now. I miss Gygax ...
how did u get hurt anyways?
whos dogs are they they are too cute love the names too :)
Eating breakfast on the bus.
Braves season opener. ⚾
Just bro'd down real quick with Curt Morgan of Nicest. Dude. EVER. Not a bad filmmaker either =)
SEE YA SOON!
Smile at the Haters, and Watch they Jaw Drop
hahaha omg, good luck with that lol
its what I do man :)
lmao, you'd be surprised!
you text mine
lmao , your crazy they're gon take them pictures .
great points, I find the challenge is having enough time to both create strategy and execute.
The difference between genius and stupidity is; genius has its limits.
Give love...& listen to the children! RT: What a child doesn’t receive he can seldom later give.~P.D.James
Q3: Does your book address how can I run a profitable business with two small kids at home? My biggest challenge!
T minus 31 days til the CCD calendar is released!! Better start saving up your $5 now! :-)
Driving to Newport with Excited for some whale watching and dinner at :)
the ultimate home run trot RT : Would it be inappropriate to time the length of Obama's walk from the podium back to his office?
aite i got ya lady
No SB plans? Watch the Super Bowl game with us and enjoy 1/2 off dumplings at the bar starting at 5pm (sound will be on). Pls RT.
new #napoleandynamite cartoon not too bad so far! I can see this being highly addictive.
I love that I'm responses to my question about whether Spike, back in the 70s, watched DARK SHADOWS.
pretty girl ! Is there a game today?
The one thing I gotta say though is that censorship is coming in a whole lot harsher at the collections level...
Haha I fucking love Tyler The Creator , thats baby daddy right thuurrrr .
Can't call it a relationship if you feel single
#Walrusball RT: Gimmicks. Trickery. Possibly some Sorcery. Not a fan.
my pleasure Cindy.
oh excellent choice! I'm sure your mom will love it :-)
ok let's compare bellos will be just as tough
thanks for following my blog!
As new cowboys return, others leave #cowboyinjuries #tanner #demarco hopefully Felix keeps this up
Time to talk football with #Dolphins receiver Marlon Moore on the show.
I also voted for Dole, Bush, Bush and McCain.
Thank goodness for seamless!
And remember, there are only computers. Planes, TVs, cars, etc -- they are all computers.
Can't believe the amount of work I finished today.
Ha!! They dont wanna play the best!!
oh yeah, i look forward to that! I bet you've crushed some lunchables too.
Working with a great new student today at the Cherry Hills Library.
thanks bro
" let me holla at you "
Get a life.
RT : She's gone but never forgotten.
excited to see yaa there (:
“: I got the moves like Jagger”
totally busted mine. Ugh.
Those who say its impossible should not interrupt those doing it. Unknown
Also: I love Premium
thank you!! Miss you tons!
Thanks to all who came out and made Riesling Week so successful, always fun to do something different!
Tweet me a number and I will rate your twitter
And he is cute
try boiling the tofu before frying-- sounds weird, but makes it super crispy!
Ah did great on my test!!! Gonna take Calculus 2!! :) and got uniforms today... I. Hate. Them. Hahaha a gay guys worst nightmare lol :P
Thank YOU so MUCH for the RE-TWEET you SO ROCK! xo!
It's great. Went 2 nights in a row. Carpenter's Vampires (hosted by ) and The Birds
Thank you Douglas, I really appreciate it. Have a great weekend.
#TtW12 #c3 FB lives in perceptual presence - no archive. What are your views on the FB timeline?
Happy Healthy New Year to all of our Chewpons fans! Here's hoping 2012 brings wonderful things for everyone!
or go to the park
If we're talking #teamfirst, Cole putting his team behind 1-0 sending some weaksauce message 1000x worse than your Bryce example
She BELIEVED she COULD so she DID.
Rumors at #DEVRY are pointless. The females are scandalous hoes and the guys work at getting they dick wet. No surprises there.
How do you rate #schoollunch? Healthy, trying, or missed the mark?
Good to know I got shit clear now!
Had a nice 3 hour Skype session with the bestie :)
ah lets trade then! lol
Loved speaking with you
Thanks for the follow back!
Wife,Mother and one of americas brialliant actresses of our time...Keep the flame going :)
If you have to print "Grown and Sexy", your party is neither the former nor the latter.
RT : Jude1:25 To the only wise God and saviour, be glory and majesty, Dominion and Power, both now and ever, AMEN.'
And I'm not trying to bust your chops; you wouldn't have your résumé w/out a good head on your shoulders & passion for the game (:
I would love to hear more about the conference! Thanks!
I am thankful that I have such incredible parents.
You want the truth? I love you
Glad to have you. This is going to be a GREAT season, that's for sure!
Wow just woke up slept 11 hrs...this shoot in the hot desert sun is kicking my ass! LOL
Love the new song!!!
Had Pho for dinner
Need to jump all over NJ to start the 3rd period
Good morning twitter, too much blood in my caffeine system, correcting that with some coffee , ricky tick ...
well-played.
With my fucking ride or die bitch GIOVANNA RODRIGUEZ!!!! BOSS!!!!
Question from the floor to : pd2.0 is defined by what? Internet usage? More Actors?
With all the dirty, lowdown, gritty grooves you got in "The Grifter's Hymnal" I needed to take a shower after listening. FANTASTIC
RT : If you don't like most ppl, it may be time to look at yourself as the source of the problem
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS. So be a W I N N E R . And STAND GRAND.
not lazy at all. it wasnt meant to go. I cant chill tomorrow
yeah I had some guy in construction and I hit ignore.
are you doing summer league?
what do you mean a story?
What a beautiful day for some folk music !!
See I Make My Money With The Dice.
This budget crisis isn’t just one year, but, will continue into the foreseeable future – and we need a plan.
They are the only things keeping me here right now
@ Big Tomato Pizza Miami Springs Sunday special Buy ANY 2 Large Pizzas get a Large Cheese Pizza FREE!! Open Sundays Noon - 6 PM
Thank you for the congrats on our campaign. It really helps our students.
Patrick Ewing is perfect mentor for Bismack Biyombo on #Bobcats. Because Dwight Howard's post-game is unstoppable.
lucky to meet you thanks again for coming in
Skipped out on the Book Cart Drill Champ. because, well, it's stupid. Did anyone actually GO? Looking at #ala10 tweets, I'm thinking no.
Thank you to everyone who joined us today for the VIP Breakfast at the Carr. Great food, interesting speakers, and some good connections.
I feel numb most of the time
Lmao @ that one!
thx for the shout-out! Always great to connect w other "Jumbopreneurs"
yes I kno...its gonna be hot...
I'm in taco food truck line. A 2p to 4:45a shoot day for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT. I hear sitting thru the film feels longer.
France manager Laurent Blanc explaining his decision to include Yoann Gourcuff in his initial list of players to bring to the Euros in June.
Oh, the acknowledgement is internal, not from them. Spoiled children.
you know it'd be a waste to be in Ohio...which is so close to indiana and not stop by!
It's amazing what a few years in college can do to your views on "flirting" and "dating". Bye bye, Disney.
Love those caution lights at Texas!
When someone asks you to do something for them but doesn't tell you why, that means DON'T ASK!
Who's watching American idol this year and who are you pulling for??!!??!!??
IHaveABaddAttitude™.NO√ its You that see my BeautifulBrownskin &want 2considered Me"Black" BITCH MyBackGroundsReal NothinMorenothinLess.
nothing much, chillin with my friends, what about u? (:
RT : Wacky home cleaning tips GO!
will b there bro!
that made no sense at all.
I am attending the Leukemia & Lymphoma Society Leadership Conference this week. Such a great organization and cause!
Follow next artist to blow up in tha south
I forgot my Nespresso Club login credentials and they're CHANGING the Dulsao do Brasil capsule?! Disastuh.
Duck in from the rain and grab a Sun-Dried Tomato Bagel and a cup of Golden Assam tea before heading to work
both of yaw need 2 cum back 2 Omaha ne
“Use what talents you possess; the woods will be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.” -Harry van Dyke
kids choice awards lol. who is hosting snl ?!
rcp? Idk what that stands for
"I hate this song." "Then why are you singing to it?" "It's catchy."
Gotta love the island's free trolley!
good luck tomorrow. Sad the season is ending either way. Now I just got the Twins to watch.... Sigh.
shows u how bad the center position is in the nba.
RT : Only people with the courage to fail have the opportunity to truly succeed.
#SometimesYouHaveTo look at the brighter side of the bad going on in your life....
I'm going to be suffering major PCD tomorrow. , you guys really know how to throw a party. ;)
good call. A younger coach like a Jay Gruden type. He's doing a great job in cincy w the rookie.
I Love When People RT Me...
Snap backs and tattoos
Entourage is a better email experience than Outlook. Actually happy to receive messages. So much so that I'm reluctant to go to the office.
It can be argued that collection development will become more of a community process
i found the notebook omg hey ryan
i dont have too tell u anything your nobody too us now goodbye
gym time
“: You are a woman with a man inside watching a woman. You are your own voyeur.” Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride > True of?
TY. May I ask who is ur favorite?
it is! Did you book it ok?
yeah buddy. Let's do it! :D
California Living! all about the 3 W's
How's the trip back guys? We're rolling through Durham right now. /te
can't wait!
Super sleepy! jus gonna knock out. night!
hi Tyler,I live you!!! I really hope you'll follow me soon!!! 3
When your best friend knows immediately when something is wrong.
Ok, got three ok's. That comment just rubbed me the wrong way.
Enjoying some myself right now....and the e-cig of course hahaha
I watched a trainwreck happen today!
Added to my to-do list: "Shoot w/ "
"Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes u come alive & go do it. Because what the world needs is more people who have come alive."
The only limits we really have are the ones we place upon our self. Dream your dreams, and achieve the Impossible..... Lane
I hope you current go all day -.-
So proud of all that you do. You never fail to keep us happy. #follow We love you :) 2
bandanas for sale
Awe son of the year! Will tweet u about it RT : I ll fly in to #miami to bring mom RT : Love #NYC me...
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Breath Remedy Replacement Brush heads and most oral care products.
dude you are the best!!
How do I turn on safesearch for hubot? '"hubot image me "cutoff pants"'
You and me, Diamond ring. Sparklin like champagne.
Dinner w/ jme m. Then mall and checkin our the new place.
Lol cripple crab a crutch
Kicked back relaxin/thinkin and missin Nashville, wish I was still there :(...
We may have the same mother. cc:
thanks for the fanfare
yep, in shep right off 65. Also in fern creek. And Brooks right off 65.
Meditation helps to guide the wandering mind into peaceful concentration that helps to build strength and character.
So true. Every librarian, unfortunately, has been gifted one of those at one point. I turned mine into a zombie
Oh, Texas! You & your crazy, random weather. High heat & droughts for so long & now, not only pouring, it's hailing. Keeping us on our toes!
I'm looking forward to a night of me, Wii, and Twilight Princess. I'm such a nerd - it's no wonder my sons are, too :)
#Manning to the #Texans. That is a Super Bowl winning team right there.
Fyi, some of Daglow's design materials for Utopia are in the Strong Museum's archives (Rochester). Fun to see the screen templates
Love. The best or worst feeling you'll ever feel.
Oh, I will tell our hostess that you're in love. :)
Just saw you guys on Last Call...now craving tacos...so where is tonight's last call? ;)
oops! hope that gets better!
Head of Daytime One Life To Live - Julie Madison -final 4 months of filming. Last chance to get on the show!
how very Leo of that cat! :)
RT : Still in shock... Thank you America!!! You picked the right guy... Congrats You deserve this.
let me know how you liked our service today
find one, let me know?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound 360 at Westlake
thanks for the support. Cheers guys!
I'm thinking about trying to lose 20 pounds and grow 4 inches, any tips?
That's what happens when you mix up your Twitter feed and your text message screen. Dangerous!
RT : man i miss my mom
What's good bro? You good?
Back in the US!!!!
see what God has for you - refine the vision - clear and accurate discernment via
Cant upload my video on your website can I just send you a vimeo link?
Come to #CityHeat on Harris Blvd in CLT to celebrate my birthday! Food/drink specials n watch the games on tv. NO COVER CHARGE
use an injector the kind cooks use to inject meat with marinade that should work ? Goodluck !
Get money get money that's all that's on my mind. Mama like new and expensive things. That's all I know.
Why you? Why Not U?
"Burger King to be Nicer to Pigs, Hens: To Hell with Cows"
That look you give your friend when someone makes a One Direction joke unintentionaly.
Which celebrity do you think has the best smile?
Really need a break from school
Thanks for leaving #ALEC ! Appreciate you listening to us!
Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already. I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else.
hahaha of course!! :) Only if you teach me portuguese! :)
give us a shout out!! We are in the storm listening to yalls moe foe sho!!! Jeannie and Chad Crader
Let's go Spurs.
Art Historians: is that a stump under Christ's foot in Michelangelo's Pieta?? In Gardener's image it looks like a separate foot. Thoughts?
“Hide not your talents, they for use were made, What's a sundial in the shade?” Benjamin Franklin
(3/5) Along with financing the production, 10% of your contribution will also be donated to (Rape, Abuse & Incest National Network)
That is GREAT to hear. RT : #Bears WR Alshon Jeffery says he's at 212 pounds now. Hopes to be between 215-220 playing weight.
Life is a patchwork of friends.
": Fuck watching a porn movie I wanna make one!!! Who's down!!?" Let's make one
hit the Royal Flush on Zynga Poker
:-) spank you, spank you very much
#NACUA kicks off compliance workshop with one of highest turnouts ever
": "The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." - Ayn Rand"
“: (817): I might not remember all of last night but I clearly remember the part where I humped the mailbox.”
Follow my bestfriend she's verrryyyy speciaal I love her.You'll love her to wen u follow her :) Gracias!!! ♥
Can't wait for Vegas next week!
Sitting on I-10. Would like to say it drives me crazy, but that implies movement.
hahahahahaha yay! What about thursday, you have that singing class group thing
I'm just ready for Summer.
Thanks for the support. Hope you enjoyed the project!
same:) text if you come up this summer!!
Ops. Ok too much caffeine. It's Ward getting ready sorry
Corey hush your mouth. Osheas tonight be there.
#imagine Liam: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Zayn: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
I have no idea why Obama is campaigning in Afghanistan
haha i would if i knew how ! olivia did it for me, but all it is is a french braid starting from the bottom of ur hair haah
You mean alot more to me than you'll ever know .
Thanks for having me! RT : Thank you for sharing your skills at #MAMP this morning!
if u haven't u should go see Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol. Tht movies is so awesome
Bringing in. Any of our clients can tell you how unethical behavior can be exposed quickly in a
"And it's the pearl buttons and denim jeans that has him looking just like Springsteen. Barefoot, white tee shirt..." :)
I see you liked my pics
hope everyone is having a good weekend! im heading out to go party. see you on the other side.
Ok headed to a Birthday Dinner
The Halo Reach Legendary Giveaway is CLOSED & we have a WINNER! Congratulations, Jimmy Embrey!
These fools think they are gonna sleep in. No chance, I'm hungry now. I'm gonna fart next to the bed till they get their asses up.
If you happy and you know it say amen
RT 2 more days til #Cubs #springtraining starts!!! Who's ready? We all are.
hm.....so I think that I'll be a Music Composition major when i come back to ISU...........sounds like a plan to me
Hope your having fun at #sxsw . We miss you in #Detroit!
Sorry if you got deleted by us a second ago. We realize that we went about twitter all wrong at first. We just randomly followed people.
my Dms aren't working #tech problems. If you DM me your email or SMS I'll forward
maybe. prob not.
Ty doll,he had a staple put in his head w-o bein numbed 1st he did great!
In "The Children Star," Slonczewski's "terraforming" concept echoes Willa Cather's warnings about overworking the land in O Pioneers!
School is boring ._.
Why do we change our clocks on a Sunday night? Most people are off on the weekend when it makes the most sense to do it on Saturday. Stupid.
Pick me
it's okay:) and yeah:/ it sucks.... Hows your knee?:)
I need to test my skillz. DM me your email :)
Libraries must be a critical part of our ecosystem. ~Susan Hildreth
Simplify your Thoughts: Look for and express love to yourself and others.
Class today oh well #not kool
If happy ever after did exist I would still be holding you like this.All those fairy tales are full of it One more love song & Ill be sick.
sounds like a road trip might be in order!
When you stop for coffee in the morning bring a resuable mug from home, refills are cheaper and there's no trash to throw away!
I agree! Spurs before chelsea and Newcastle... Arsenal can rot in hell
My corgi wearing jingle bells collar, barking & hanging out car window. Man at bus stop talking to him like he's Santa's elf.
what ever happened to Creppy Little White Girl? u should have her back on the show
I don't hate it. It just wasn't my favorite one.
-- do you offer #API access (at least) to your rank oriented data space?
Listening 'Professor Green - Remedy ft Ruth Anne LyricsHD' of '(null)'
Great to see #Arsenal 's Invincibles win Best Prem team ever.
waiting to hear about an lease application... waiting for some one to rifle through my credit always makes me nervous
ill DM it to u. Im actually hitting the hay soon. I gotta get up at 5. Ill def play tomorrow
I think that's what it was, but Dems need to embrace and run on backing BHO, though congress should present budget propasals
haha.. yep :DD lol I hate this! ~~ have a nice few hours of your weekend girls :))*
i' m going into the eight grade too..
I like how pissed you got about this woman walking into you, sounds obnoxious
happy groundhhog day
congrats, boo!!!
For once in my life, I'm drunk and I don't want pizza. Weird.
im great ;D
Hey Bob, thanks for the follow!
We have a winner! Congrats ! Thanks for answers. #Colts have won 7 of 10 road games against Jaguars.
WOW! RT Malone? RT : most overused word on twitter: wow. most times i see wow, i think why?
Why am I always so miserable when I'm not with you? 😞
Justin Roper will get his first AFL start for the Predators tonight at quarterback.
I know how much we all love infographics, so i updated my resume
The Lion, the Witch and the Warsteiner
yeah...especially when I could be having fun outside in the rain...instead of sitting in lecture all day -_-
watching you on Piers Morgan. Great interview. (From a native Syracuse kid :-) )
we will have a healthier pizza option for you soon... tasty food that you don't have to feel bad about eating
Dave Letterman is eating his pants tonight, they are pulled up to his chin.
yep it works
Congrats 😊❤ I want to see him soon!
Getting hooked in the arm< 😖
no it in muh belly
Best friends are people who make your problems their problems, just so you don't have to go through them alone. <3
We're glad you spent part of your weekend with us!
Spring cleaning question. Have you ever done a full OS restore and then used migration assistant from time machine drive?
What is an Asher Roth, exactly.
What is your goal with your website? what is your website url? I would like to understand what your needing
Just saw the post by about Facing the Son, A Novel of Africa, and all I can say is wow! Sounds like a great novel!
We have to laugh!! Oh, now Angelica's singing!
.Ed Gillespie, veteran camp advisor, now w RomneyCamp--lest we forget he said "No woman is qualified to be SCOTUS Justice"
I told you Kentucky is about that basketball
While offensive the "Eh, not good enough" line was hilarious.
Harry Potter Inspires Blood Typing Device
Having some Hot coffee! mmhh!
Long ass day! Funeral, fam, then did sum hair!
Thank you for the gratitude! Right back at you for all you contribute. :-)
watching #thebachelorette with my mom ((:
for the smile..lol
RT - #JobsRickRossHadBeforeRapping water boy for the miami dolphins
's answer today? Pimm's cup. MT Serving Mint Juleps for the derby, Tequila for #CincodeMayo, Or both? Margajulip?
The #DSK maid. Do you believe her? I do.
why so quiet, katherine?
buy out JO and Wilcox, sign Fesenko and Diaw, we get the rebounding BIG and the scoring option off the bench, its simple!
Tweet this: FTW!
robert kardashian's sleeve >>
": Should we take our whole allotment of time on #1 pick?"< more proof that you don't know what you're doing
Native Stock Pictures is available to photograph within any American Indian tribal community. We have lots of connections.
Yep im sleepy, time to take a nap...wait im still at work....:-P oh well, a nap it is
it is definitely not snowing cause i don't see a damn thing falling down
I'm trying to convince a non-geek group to use Adobe Connect. Do you know of a Connect recording that wow'd you & recorded the webcam? Thx!
#iconference10 - Training is insufficient to support learning!
Just for the record I've changed.
Dark day in motorsports world lost of Dan Wheldon and Rick Huseman RIP to both motorsports world will never be the same
Covario Sees Highest Growth in Latest Search Agency Rankings by Ad Age
We used to call it Brown Eye
What a game.
Can't wait for show to start! : Kickin it at w/ to see Lovin
yeeeeheee💋💅🙏💘 do tell in private text!
Thanks for the RT!
LIS intern workshops today: Google Analytics at 12:15 & Finding Primary Sources in the Archives at 2pm in the BLAIS Lab.
aw thank you :') He's pretty fucking rad! LOL >.<
great resource, thanks! Will have to get #Sponsorist on G+ soon and you'll all be circled. :)
I've heard rumors that surprise books are appearing in mailboxes for people who entered to win a SHINE SHINE SHINE ARC from Macmillan!
#YoStruggleAintRealIf you never pawned something to get something else back from the pawnshop
#top10Lies We're working on getting everyone jobs.
I'm not but doing something just as good. Listening to The Rolling Stones on vinyl.
Summer actually SINGS MacArthur Park and she & Moroder interpolate their One of a Kind and Heaven Knows: a 17-minute extravaganza of 70s.
Watching these Smokey the Bear commercials makes me want to go out and start a wildfire.
Track drying continues and there are even a few nitro crew chiefs checking out the starting line.
Awesome weekend... Auctioned some great items and a lot of members grabbed some great deals!
Grilling up bratwurst & buns! RT : What is your favorite backyard activity? BBQs? Tending the garden?
Need your take... 3 best spots for Friday happy hour in Minne?
man works hard
My mentions and DMs are dead.
working and at the shop!!! what about you we are having thanksgiving at unk raymond house!!!! r u comming and bring my girls
sorry dude, phone died hours ago
After helping a patron find event he was looking for he said, If you hear a bell ring, there's an angel getting you closer to heaven.
Just gonna go drive to super heb ☀
There is no such thing as a non-working mother-download- InSpotter app
that's very kind of you, member of my vast social network.
The Chester WSOPC grind continues today. $560 with 120ish regd an okay starting table with Philly's finest &
San Jacinto/Navarro is coming up next as we shift to the winner's bracket portion of the tournament
Ah #Cowboys do it again... Least we can still win the division
I #want a .gif of the Davey Johnson reaction to Zimmermann hitting Hamels. He gave Jordan the "WTF are you doing?" look.
Watching the formation of a multi-dimensional "ideas" landscape on my macbook is really what Friday nights are all about
Not when there is no players or game around but to knock them behind the knees onto the floor is different.
Note to and all the rubes. NO ONE was ever going to build a stadium on a toxic dump in Arden Hills. Get over it.
You should be playing on the console, vs , in the Tecmo wasteland bowl.
Presently at EDC meeting 2 hear County Commissioner Dennis Moss speak on issues relating to Miami-Dade County.
If you don't speak up about what you want --- you'll never get it.
Did u leave me again???
Dang! 'Dry clean only' top went thru the washer & dryer. It's so cute now. It could fit a child's doll.
Are you ok?
young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards. ~Anatole France
Dinner, Happy hour,Dessert, Wine Cocktail, Music, Dance Book your table !!
go to go and get ready for my concert tonight :)
"You do the arithmetic,we'll do the language arts. Ya'll stand against the wall blind folded, we throw the darts" ... are you an Outkast?
about to present on #agile methods @ nashdrupal
The first 3 people to LIKE our FB page will get an embroidered Piccolo Chef apron for your kids to enjoy in the kitchen !...
No, sadly. Let me know how they turned out, though! I'm excited for you.
Thanks for the video, btw. I'll take a closer look and maybe throw it on the site.
Road trip on Friday! Woo!
we must be brothers in the prognosticating bidness!! Saints and Pats for me too. Brady will be a surgeon today
I have jury duty next week :(
Don't forget to reapply for NYU Housing (current students) by today! Apply through NYUHome....and apply for Special Interest Housing too :)
has just signed on to as a leader in making Milwaukee one of the healthiest cities in the nation.
The weather in DC today is virtually indistinguishable from downtown San Francisco. Not gonna lie: I love it.
consider yourself followed
Good night. Ap test tomorrow. :/
If its not important, put it off for tomorrow; because tomorrow ain't promised, and that was yesterday!
it has to be for wine! Otherwise, what's the point?
u silly son!!!
Can't wait to see in Beauty and the Beast with !
Hey HM thanks for follow :)
Congratulations on your engagement - that's awesome! Wish you much happiness!!!!!!!
At the Mavs game!!! Court side!
I want my China Doll look back just for a while
that's embarrassing.
Blake was back there happy af . Lmao .
10 year buffalo reunion.
Wow! That's pretty awesome. When I invited , I didn't get any response. :(
It helps to laugh; allows us to overcome trauma. An artist and a comedian sometimes mirror one another in intention.
who's worse then?
It's impossible to properly thank you in less than 140 characters. But here's our attempt - THANKS!
I'd forgotten how much I've always liked Depeche Mode.
There is nothing more important in business than knowing how to choose the right people around you in your business~BAMM.
pushing it.
breezy and rihanna cant make it more obvious anymore seriously :''D swear when they say theres nothing going on 1 more time Ill LMBO!
U are funny
RT : The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live-Elbert Hubbard
I am loving life! So blessed
2011 is starting slow.... but I'm having a feeling its gonna pic up. s piece has reinspired me to concentrate on head pieces.
I just read. I'm so sorry for your loss. All my prayers to you and xoxo
Minus the eye liner. RT : amy winehouse
goodnight then I got the message loud & clear!
Currently looking for staffing professionals in Manhattan! A/F Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan IT Full Cycle Recruiters –Manhattan Sales …
TELL #WFX- What is your greatest need around training for your tech team?
Ohh shut up Shawana.! If nobody wanna speak back to you then ALL WELL.!..........But GoodMorning.! :-)
Best. Show. Ever.
I WANT 4,000 FOLLOWERS!! PLEASE HELP ME:/ AND IF I REACH IT TONIGHT! EVERYBODY WHO HELPED WILL GET A S/O!!!!!
I hope it was a positive ;)
lol calling me a racist. I love it. You are a radical as I thought. Thanks for the fun. Now run along. ,)
Future of fitness systems is about "knowing you", when u exercise, who u exercise with, etc. data integration 4all platforms
Serious fun in New Orleans with and last night. Good to see you guys.
This time it's the damn French. Damn French.
Cookin up dope tryna make a million
Let Linx Entertainment host all your events for FREE. From birthdays to bachelorette, from office parties to fundraisers - call 2129319020.
Toastmasters tonight at Sinai Hospital, I'll be conducting the second half of the meeting. See how you can improve your communication skills
It's a rare day off for Our Man, but he'll be playing tomorrow and Friday, naturally. Full band in Chillicothe on Saturday!
Told ya, Lambs going for a career night! 8 already.
Be true to your self
oh. I would forgive you but your mean:'(<\3
Success - They can because they think they can.
A1: Perception is something serious... You can just perceive that I have a sense of entitlement.
On my mama u cant get a piece of tissue tu wipe ya ass from me freaky ass bitch
Don't let good SEX confuse your heart and make you think your in LOVE
umm of course we are you 👲
Who's still up?
Guns dont kill people... People kill pe -GUNS!!
haha yeah I'm done. Had a real good day yesterday...spurs best in epl?
If my future husband ever makes me move to the Midwest, I'm giving him a Glitz Pageant baby. So there.
Goin on air soon..WOAD, Jackson MS
Bout to learn how to ride a dirtbike! I'm SUPER amped!!!!
Lesson learned I can never leave alone! 😂😂😂
": Ms.Davina how are you?"great and u
Looking forward to the #TED Talks from the following today: and more.
These game time changes are really messin up #Brewers events. Field of Sweet Dreams is the 20th. Now they'll have a lot of time to fill..
Just made chocolate blueberry protein pancakes for #breakfast. Amazing!!
He done put up with my bs its time for me to show him how much i appreciate having him as a friend...
LOLZ. you have to remember, I'm the girl who married a "creepy internet guy," so you're A-OK in my book!
And today is still going to be a good day!! :-)
Have a Boo-tiful day! Happy Halloween.
Happy President's Day! is OPEN for our great customers! Today Flounder/Lenguado specials.
Also, the Scottish Invasion continues with #KrisBoyd joining Spencer and Co. at the House of Pane in 49 days
If you need help getting Austin to follow you and want me to dm him, just ask!!:D
2day was da bst day ever. Edge was so kwl and church:-)
yup. my friends need to pick their game up :)
I just realized that 'SMASH' and 'MASH' are two different TV shows. It only took me five episodes.
I'm the scar man
i miss you too! les have a reunion soon
If...if is good.
"...my body doesn't want repair, but longs for innocence. If innocent, despite the flaws I wear, I am beautiful." --K.F.
- Please revise that to the "Top 11" because has to be there somewhere!
yes the school you and I attend
most certainly!
no worries do you come to Dallas often if so im still down 4 drinks my treat! my # 214-724-0429 thnx 4 ur time
Have tons of fun though! Is Andrew going too? :)
The third clue in our Santorini Sweepstakes is, the winner lives near water.
Ben Fry at U.Va.'s New Horizons event. We're never going to have less data. How do we deal with it?
I'm a very jealous person & since I'm not going to Coachella this weekend, I can't say I'm mad that it's raining.
I've always wanted a fan sign lol
Abraham Lincoln gave his famous house divided speech in this House of Representatives chamber in the Old Capitol in Springfield...
You probably got that trending
Where is the poster available at?
luckily it wasn't mine
Oh dear, I feel the hormones taking over me slowly. PMS I hate you and the person you turn me into.
Stay cool & get 2 Med 2-top Zas just $4.99 each (must buy 2) check details & YOU MUST PRINT coupon at Facebook for p/u, dine-in or deliv.
It's been a good season Chicago. Bruins... you're my last hope....
Should have watched the Oscars. I thought I be a good student and work on homework instead, but this work has just been crawling.
Any #histmed article recs on theories of poison and disease in 17th c.? Esp. interested in African poisons in Euro. discourse.
Yes I love Homeland
We just started doing SA screenings (like, last week) so we're still building up our presence there. It takes some time.
Bought new hat & 10 min. later got girl's
All that win was missing was a little Hawk
right!? and i probably would have too...
Be safe Sheriff.
I'd have to agree! RT Len Burman is the man!!
Seems you and I had the same day? RT : I'm glad I'm home. Because my patience for people has run out for today. Try again tomorrow.
YAY >>RT : thanks for all your help today. Kids should be very happy on Christmas morning!
RT : How much of a charity's funding should go to "administrative costs"? Better Business Bureau says 20% to 30% a benchmark
o lord srry bro. ok man hit me up on face time when u home cause i am getting of this bitch lol.
Women who exercise are less likely to suffer from strokes, diabetes or breast cancer later in life.
Maybe I spoke to soon
Watching my first indoor track meet. Kind of crazy!!
they lost the sale of an alcoholic beverage because of that little stunt.
I found companion link to sync w/2010. Will RIM update DM or should I purchase?
ill have some tomorrow (:
That one hurt a little.
When your WHY is strong enough the HOW takes care of itself.
There are no two sweeter words in the American/Candadian language.... Game Seven!!!! GO LIGHTNING!!!
You too! Always welcome to stop by.
missing my administrative rights on my newly reimaged computer. Thank goodness help is on the way!
Cause I Was Like Fuck You And Fuck Him Too!
can you use your ipod until i go to work?!
How about a P2P system where mappings are added automatically after being looked-up by users (seamlessly via their daily internet usage)?
love that club:)
#MaytheForcebewithYou ! The Force will be with NASA...always
Let me know when you'll be at !
oh Linda thank you!! You have long been an amazing source of inspiration that means a lot!
Where do Kate and William like to go out? We take you live to London... at 11.
Come in today for our NEWEST Creation: Cookie Cakes. Our signature buttercream icing between Oatmeal or Chocolate Chip cookies. So Yummy!
Dragged myself out of Target. Left with nothing. I rule. Or something.
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
im always here for yiu((:
our only advice would be this… Don’t burn down your apartment and don’t spit into the wind…
Wow. My daughter is such a beautiful little miracle. ive never been so in love. :)
like! where'd you get that tee?
We r discounting all our things at the GSU FASHION SHOW APRIL 7th @ 7pm
YES!!!! that is BAD ASS. get this girl some party burritos!
its wv, deep red state.
We're serving over 110,000 students on Localist. Quite the milestone!
Thanks! Glad people are enjoying!
I don't know my parents didn't say anything so I guess I'm ok but then again parental silent treatment
MOAR DRINKS, guys! Where do you keep the bourbon? Someone pls find the bourbon.
Rapper's Delight is probably one of three 15+ minute songs I can listen to from beginning to end every time.
<closes 6 windows>
#diabetes is preventable. Learn more by texting HEALTH to 300400.
“: They say that true love hurts well this could almost kill me” best song ever
I had a high school crush on Junior Seau. :(
Kentridge tight end springs into Oregon State football
you're on student council and you're not dressed up...
What if Justin starts shuffling with LMFAO lol i'd die
u is way beyond sexy
nice good stuff
your kids must love you!
I just fixed the faucet, now I only got 98 problems.
#FF I ran out of characters to be able to say thanks for the #FF!
Big win ! #Respect!
no, she's API d but I dunno where.
omg...how are u ganna see it D: uhm go to a friends or cuzens house who has a computer lol
Finally found my golf swing in the dirt... Can't wait to play!
Also, the floating library in The Scar.
Thx to all who came to P&P. Best 1 ever! Thx to all who gave so generously. Thx to Pizza Kitchen #pug rescue
A shower, a big bowl of ice cream, writing and reading. Good night. :)
Congratulations to who's going to be a father! His kid is going to have such a wonderful life (:
Quite confident this day is never going to end.
lob city strikes again!
Would've like to have seen tonight. Need to retire so don't have to worry about work next AM.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 8
i would like to work on your web presence in exchange for an hour of airtime
Thx for following. Check or pass on if interested: free soc skills d/loads for kids with ASD.
Tonight on #OutdoorWisconsin, Dan visits Pantheon HOMEGROWN Farms to learn about its programs for adults with disabilities. On MPTV 10 at 8.
Stop by inside to check out some FAB MP original art! 9pm
...and if you don't have any gay friends that's just weird. The ghey is ubiquitous! And you should be able to make friends with any good ppl
loves everything about his wife: her hair, her style, the loves she gives (me & my children) & her smile. She is truly the love of my life!
Gonna go out on a limb and say your new cover story will be one of your biggest. Way to make Portland crap itself together!
RT : awesome i won an nice award at < which award
thanks for the follow! MCDM is a great program.
great track!
"Don't worry about a thing, every little thing is gonna be alright"- Bob Marley. Need some of this in my life.
your really amazing too
right on. Beaten by the Knicks by 42 points.
Minor details is a mystery movie. That has Jennette mccurdy
Retweet if you are performing in The Nutcracker this year!
You can't be let down if you don't expect the world.
awesome! Thank you.
Need to go to church today. Going to FBC.
I would like to officially welcome Bernadette DiMeglio () to the ArtistLink family!!!
New song dropping today..just for the fuck of it,
How's Miami?(:
Coolin man Skool flow in the A.M HBD TEDDDYY BOUT TO HAVE IT UP
My catchphrase is: "24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case." You figure it out.
So much blaze orange. What are you people hunting, it's March!
Haven't been online in forever.
aha, yeah okay
Elam has a knife! “: Coach Muschamp says the team is carrying an edge right now that has him excited. #Gators”
All the Glueys are headed to for Phil Stone, The Revenge and 6th Borough Project. Join us?
Thoughts on phx #kings series? Will be physical series, already is 10 minutes in.
that's like Orton saying the Broncos will win the AFC West and be in the Conference Championship...Not Happening!
you suck you lose >:)
Our boy Spencer won a chainsaw in some competition if you were still on FB this would be old news
Tell jun dave and eddie to follow me direct msg them if you can please thank you
Happy Catchup-day-for-the-365.2442-days-in-a-year Day!
Naw I'm good man I'm already parallel parked in a vertical world sorry!
Nice. RT : reworking script, finding the comedy in human condition not the situation
Listened to #SAYSOMETHING In art today! <3 Everyone is now a mahomie (:
Feeling creative... I just finished some lyrics for a new song but now I must get some sleep because tomorrow is going to be a long day...
followed you through latest post
Thanks for listening! And yes....thanks for Vinny ;)
Wow, that's how you deal with people? Shun them as soon as they do something you're not okay with, instead of helping them. Nice.
so very inspired by your daily quotes
Rip advanced pe
you ,Jayy, Dahvie are the kids everyone wishes they had%<3 I love you<3
I would be happy as hell if prince, Rickie and yuni all waited til the 8th inning to get their first hits of the game!!
Happy 4th of July! God Bless America the land of the free!
Good news about this #Brewers game ... the replay is scheduled to start on FSN right now.
#FF Education Tweets
Kid & dad went ice skating at Red Arrow park today while I stayed home w/ baby & made lasagna. Went for jog later. Twas a very nice day.
Contest: Win an American Legacy TV "Blacks in the Military" DVD! All you have to do is be our 150th follower! Good luck!
Monday Night 450 Mass Ave. Come check out the new spot! starts at 9
If being a jackass was a real career option, I would be jacking asses all day long
The Hunger Games book is so good...just like the movie so i have a visual of everything haha im a dork
Awe. Thanks so much Jake.
Mrs. Denney skipped intermediate and put me straight into concert choir :) I'm so proud of myself!
With a hat tip to Joe Ledbetter,I'd like to wish Big Blue Nation the best of luck as they try to go 1 and 1 with the Hoosiers this year...
Post prandial: muddle 1/4oz lemon juice, 1/4 oz bar syrup, basil leaf; add 2 oz Hendricks gin, shake vigorously and serve up! Merveilleux!
can i please be your FOTM i'd literally die i love you so much! xo
I Miss Uu lil Bro Guess Uu Gotta Show The Ssht Threw Internet Networking Smh
w/ aging DEF its good to get quality and quantity
Hey Steve, I didn't have to give the pup back. I am living with my Brother for a while, so I get to see "puppers" every day! :)
love it. Blocking off calendar now.
Chesapeake Regional Medical Center Integrates Advanced UV Germicidal Technology as Part of CDC / Duke Grant to ...
Flaunt that cause! “: Wearing my shirt today and looking GOOD.”
The Mavericks home opener is two months from tonight! I can't wait!
Lunch at Lupe Tortilla out in Sugar Land today!
You already made my day by being the first one <3 :) Thanks
We are working our way through the 1st season of SHAMELESS (US version) and am loving it so far--the Chicago setting certainly rings true.
Thanks for the feedback! More poetry/music collabs to come, I hope.
Studies show that only the first few bites of food taste best. After that, taste quality diminishes. Can you be more mindful when you eat?
Dale's Teams for Amazing Race: Gary and Mallorie, and Jill and Thomas. Gavin and Grant have: Connor and Jonathan. Good luck!!
log in, and under printing click "create project" and go from there.
Heading to the polls? Cumulus popping up in SE WI, look for sct'd showers/iso. thunder after 2pm until around sunset.
ALL HIGH SCHOOLS BE READY! THE OMEGA 2010-2011 PEP RALLY TOUR IS COMING THIS AUGUST! JUST BE READY!
Just sorted through a few hundred photos from the fairs in NYC. Looking forward to getting them on our flickr site and on the blog by Wed.
About time to get REALLY loud!
Thanks for the tweet! ;-)
bout dam mate! Does NHL 11 feel like NHL 94 to you??
Bravo: the cable channel for aspirational losers and other sociopaths.
Can't stop asking the question, "what does God want to do at Epic THIS year"? Gotta continue to drill down into "one person at a time"?
Bad dream...
wait. You want me to be nice? Or him?
Shoutout to ! She's an amazing Simpsonizer and almost at 1,000 followers! Go follow her(:
I know... but there is some dude out there trying to fix it, LOL!!!
We are declaing that the Devil is a Liar! today at iwillmovement.blogspot.com The Million Family Connect is going on now.
thank you! How is everything going with you??
yup, Oct 9th. Can't wait to see my whole world in one venue.
haha. Ur in florida. How could u b bored
Finally started Mass Effect 3 tonight, but it won't import my Shepard's face, so I quit 2 minutes in and I'll wait until they patch it.
DiscoveryGarden's Jon Green is at Code4Lib in Seattle.
I'm sorry for your loss(es) OKST.
Best instagram caption I've seen all day.
Walks are extra annoying in Petco.
Hm.. Every Fucking Song Is Reminding Me Of HIM. I NEED To Talk To Him Again...
It wasn't pretty but it was 11 miles.
Thanks,Vince!!!!
we are a big family! Who do you know? Most of my family members reside in Riverside, Ca.
I'm not really excited about tomorrow's fight, I really wanted that Mayweather Pacquiao fight to happen
fun gadgets for men
Prepared for my school-teacher interview by way of purchasing a demure cardigan. Perfect.
Don't worry! Cats forgive -- I know, I'm always stepping on mine.
fly safe!! Miss you already!!
shout out to my best friend for treating me well on my birthday with drinks and a good time in green bay!!
I hate the smell of hospitals... Smells depressing :[ the nurses are all sweethearts though. Thank goodness for them! 😷💉🚑
i totally do. :)
What probs do you have with our IPhone app... did you install the new version with video...
then the second one didnt start cuz the old man with the gun came out and the police came around.
work work work love it !!!!
We'll be announcing our 2012 game date and kickoff time TOMORROW -- stay tuned for more info!
I wish was next to me rt na.
Moments when everything aggravates the hell outta YOU!
This is why the playoffs are great. Orlando looked completely dead. Now on a 10-0 run
IF U ROLLIN AIR DEN U AINT NO BRUH OF MINE *drops mic*
Superman ain't saving shit, girl you can jump on Shady's dick
Did you say your name was Ramblin Rose? Ramble on baby, settle down easy
I'm calling u around 10 pm xo
Pedinotti's units (under license from ) operate on multiple levels of scale with "equal share of reality at each level"
Jealous of the best friend...
I'm going to guess you're talking about that Shaq commercial?
Lots of vintage sports recordings coming in from for the American Archive Inventory
I wish people could just be happy for me that I'm happy and stop trying to bring me down.
just win, baby, win.
so so my mom came wit me can never get it in like a want to when she wit me
Longest Recorded Orgasm: 43-seconds with 25 consecutive contractions.
Hi Interesting article! What are your views on the current #education system of #India?
remember this? In our increasingly interconnected world, karma has become an instant reality.
Bored at work 😭
interview at your crib talent manager job for shout out request if u want to hire budget needed communication dept
Working on BuddyPress as LMS project and very excited about unveiling my masterpiece. It's a surprise!
Working on some TV concepts for a Network... very exciting...
P.S., I don't know you, but I was in a meeting last week w/ a designer (Bel) from Rokkan who had yr old computer.
she deleted me!! but she is prego from her profile pic..
Fuck love. Burn schools. Hi Jesus.
Pub crawl underway. Almost time for Red Star Bar!
haha did you know that tyler means sexy pancake in the urban dictionary? Quite accurate. :)
new Gmail makes my brain hurt. accidentally deleted a message and can't figure out how to move it from trash back to inbox.
Iggy finally becomes up clutch with free throws. Iggy dedicates series win to the fans!!!
its whats for lunch....and dinner. Can't beat a five dollar footlong sandwich.
Training Placement BA By Barnessoft at ... - Business Analysis Jobs
Sunshine & rain at the same time. Always enjoyable.
thank you! I think I will! I gotta a fun night planned ;)
Our lives are pretty much the same lol RT Sundays are tv gold: #MobWives, #LongIslandMedium, and
Causes Wish enables you to solicit donations for your cause in lieu of gifts for bdays, weddings, etc.
honest spam comment: "while the sites we link to below are completely unrelated to yours, we think they are worth a read."
Kinda wanna go play on the courts on lane so then I can be like Charles Barkley on space jam "can I play?!" and then get my shit tossed. Lol
Have not heard from you in a while, how are you? I got engaged a couple of weeks ago.
you can say that again
Great new play to eat sandy sprngs diner
So glad you could join us!
The Guto has been drinking again
#withorwithoutyou I'll rise and you can never stop me being successful and that's real talk don't bring me down LOVE GANAE TO WORLD
There is not a more pleasing exercise of the mind than gratitude. ~ Joseph Addison
First breakfast of 2012. If this french toast and bacon is any indication of how 2012 will be, than it is going to be one delicious year!
I am also an HSP and found you while tracking Happy Feet; nice to follow you along with HF :)
so sick :( but spending the day with eli doing hw ;p
Let me get on my lyrical shit!
trying to get a contact on you the WB card I got had a different number
Awww... Isn't the world so sweet
I Need You Right Now. I Don't Need Us To Bump Heads.
Had to cancel at Hotel Indigo tonight...too sick right now.
UGHH... i so dont wanna go to school tomorrow:/
are you still out?
Is it good stuff about me an who talks bout me an wht do they say?
Nicely done, sirs.
Boom! We've got no fee advance tix in our possession for NYE at Hit us up, free delivery!
the whole team bro D-Fish eating to
This is the worst day fucking sucks.. I'm the only kid in my Forbes class... Like come on..
wish I could have been there!
#3words: Live Laugh Love :)
Wednesdays are like Mondays in the middle of the week! ~Lee Fox Williams
Did anyone EATor make any awesome FOOD this weekend? Let us know!!!!!!!!!!!
You were my first tweet! Now, I don't know what you just said? I'm trying to figure out this tweet deck thingy?? lol
"don't hate the player hate the bitch that broke his heart and turned him into a player"
thinking of you. text me.
I'm still waiting for the 'next stop: Austin!' tweet haha
Central is a feast for the eyes, but Northeast is walking distance from home. Plus, there's a good burrito joint up the street.
I always eat my post-lunch chocolate way too fast. :(
4 catches so far
Not Center City Park! The ice rink will be at Festival Park!!
Thanks for the RT. Is Infinity at the conference? If not you should be next year in Dallas
oh emm gee cousin, do you have him all day?! I'm babysitting buggy maybe we can hang out later!
Tom and I (Big sexy) might start up FTK again in the summer! Get stoked!
no problem buddy, see you on the next Op
Bill Nye , #NASA Dep'y Admin here in #Seattle for the #NASAFuture Forum at
"C'mon man you gotta watch TruTV... It's like BET for white folk" - Charles Barkley #keepinitreal like only he can
“: Grab your roller skates, bike or walking shoes. The block party is at GGP for Sunday Streets - 11 am to 4 pm.” c u there!
Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up
yeaa! Cant wait to meet you!
-- news so chaud I hadda put on a sweater
Back to Eugene: land of mediocre women
They were talking about the devil the whole movie.
can I get a shoutout???
I have been missing TweetDeck and Twitter-I have returned
On my way to the Gym. Leaving from school now.
#MadMen's preview of next week are so vague, but thought provoking
Dear students, it is your paper not mine. You have had a month to find a topic and write, so stop asking me to do your work for you. Thanks
Any events happening in Los Angeles?
thank you for being "about the music", which is more than I can say for some other organizations who proclaim the same.
Really enjoying the trade deadline. Some great moves, specifically #jondaniels and
It's always the men you don't want that text you on a regular basis
Feeding the ducks. They are obviously fans of food.
I wanted to ask this in person-should I be so lucky "someday" I'll expound on it! Did ur mama really say all that?
That awkward moment when a ghost sais boo.
well said i totally agreewith u on that
Having a bike may not help everyday but would be cool :)
Some Mardi Gras well wishes being sent to our Fat Tuesday revelers! You'll need tea to get moving tomorrow morning!
haha lol yeah i figured if that can't get me a man then i must be a lost cause!
I'm seriously failing at business facebooking lately. Updates soon. PROMISE!
I got my VOTES for in today! Did YOU VOTE yet? Plz B sure to use code 805 for Scott to WIN! Yay!
Check out Therisinghollywood.com
Your promoted tweets make me dislike your institution.
did u get a jay z ticket?
Taylor Gang or paper cut on your eyeball.
Las Caleñas son como las flores
comes back round
#FF MY SEXY BFF's: They're #FAMAZING! <33
Thanks to everyone for your birthday wishes. One of the best weekends of my life. Family, friends, home, sports and my wonderful wife!!!
#tk11 seems there is confusion about human learning process and technologies that enable extend enhance it
Words unspoken by a movie fan since (at least) 1996.
oops! did i just actually just say that?! hahahaha my bad ;)
Thank you for the follow! I actually used to live in London, Ont when I was little! I heart Canadians! :)
Gas prices is so high 3.75 they need to.make an electical car maybe we could save on gas...
Going through 2nd unit's B-Roll, suprise stripper footage is always fun while DITing.
Excited for the event tonight at the !!
Exciting news to share. has been selected to moderate next dialogue titled, "The Arab ‘Spring’: A Path to Democracy?" on 2/9/12.
lets go hawks!!!! Keep me posted nate....I'm in Baltimore..no TV access!!!!!
Flash does it again!!!!
LTGWS didn't really work for me, beautifully written tho its components are. But I enjoyed yr xcellent review.
and I'm Lexi :)
Bout to get on the road Cincinnati here I come
Every girl at prom would immediately strip nude with excitement.
can't believe this time next year ill be living in my own place FOR GOOD and working as a nurse
Wednesday Wellness: COLOR MEDITATION "Identify which color you feel you "need" in order to balance your physical, emotional or mental...
Tonight sucks.
Interview went well! 😁
lmao cold blooded (rick james voice)
My work password has now officially included everyone of my sisters names.
I quite frankly don't wanna be at herron and my bus pass is expired anyway
yeah, that's my concern, a ton of low to mid quality work, but users will find the good stuff & share it - similar to apps
On 2nd day of my two week tour in Hawaii - today Kauai
SO to the sorority girl who's taking pictures of herself on her iPhone instead of filling out class evals. I can't make this up.
Great to hear! Thanks for the feedback!
you're just embarrassed I called you on a bad tweet. It's ok. Hate on
haha I like this one!
Sick, no school for me! My brother and I are both sick so I'm thinking it's a movie day!!!
id in invite you to come play super mario with me and my crazy cats but you probably are very far from me lol
Its only 8 points ... why y'all mad? It's the Lakers they always come back lol I just like talking shit lol
or go round and round in the spinning door
4 away from 2000! Can your friends help?
I've been drawing crazy lately.
No earmarks, says Obama! I can get behind that.
Thanks! I have been enjoying yours too. Happy Friday!
Your music was everywhere growing up. From my first skate video to my first car. You will be missed.
Still laying in bed. Not because I want to, but because someone gave me the flu for my birthday
what's on slate so far, yo?
i'm not asking anyone else.
It's my own Very Special Kickstarter.
My headache is so intense right now, that punching my head off would be the only way to get rid of the throbbing, I think.
Join us Monday at 9pm ET for #InternPro's "I'm graduating… now what?!" chat with
Love Sam & Mercedes!!!!
My phone loses battery so fast smh
Warhol would love making diamond dust paintings of Paris Hilton and Miley Cyrus.
On the phone with my baby Jakaree((: I missed him !!!!
thanks for the RT! Have you been at our other #SYVW events? Love your logo btw.
Lignite Plant Latest
Just returned from the grocery store everybody looking for the cheapest deals now a days.
yes I do
#Brewers are making Lynn look like The second coming ...,
I figured out what I'm obsessive about...
What are they called??
Cool. I've been in Columbus Indiana for nearly 6 years after living in the Cincinnati area my whole life.
don't worry i dont think no earthquake is due look up haarp tho thats wat did haite in
"Easy Latrines" bringing sanitation to third world countries.
you're gonna need more flashtubes.
If yall know anyone famous, tell them about my boy Dwight Junior. He is willing to work hard for good music.
Yes, lets me answer :D
Do you get the same pizza every time you come in or do you get something different? We want to know what your favorite is!
Getting ready to prank the boss. Saran wrapping his beemer should do the trick! Take that Derral! That'll teach you to get a new job!
Happy Fat Tuesday! We have King Cake..come enjoy some with us!
Hay sorry I havnt been on this account for such a long time I've been on my other account
I'll know more tomorrow but it looks like the transmission is shot on my Cadillac. OVERDUE for a new ride!
Are you in the L.A. area?
Live up the last few hrs before its next year!!!!!!
It's been a long, successful day. Unfortunately, I'm sick and have a headache. :'(
Tuck's work is good. Definitely on the reading list!
Thanks for visiting us ! What time are your programs? Some of our staff would love to stop by sometime soon!
loved this, but it's but me. Reminds me why I do what I do.
my sister, has given my babe, man, Hun .. her approval!! *clapping hands* its only been over half a yr but finally!
how do ya like tweetdeck so far? Im testing out seesmic , what made u transition from Twhirl?
I really didn't like the way she jokingly blasted all of my business but at least God knows I was honest
Never needed a tab so bad in my life #amialbino?
Can't wait to read it. Come to Nashville or anywhere in the south for a signing!!!
Hey Dear, I have to quickly sweat it out at my complex then run to meeting but def putting in time at the LA tomorrow;)
Thanks for following! Am happy to
i totally did that when I was little ha :)
What a beautiful day on SE Division Street! Come in tonight for some fried chicken with a semolina waffle and clover honey
Are you better off now than you were 4 years ago? The topic's been on my mind with politics and all.
Idk what it is about Glee lately, but it's got me all emotional...lol smh
A pink sunrise this morning. Magnificent.
Happy Mothers Day to the best mom ever, I don't know what I would do without her!! I love you mommy.<3 (:
Of course, I've got hope. What the hell else would I have, dumb dumb? RT John Fox era starts with hope vs. Raiders on MNF...
Feeling like shitttt
When I tell ppl im 20 they act like I just tood em God is outside
Why are the Timbers bench players dancing around? Is that another soccer thing I don't know about? This is a very complicated sport.
I wasted 5 hours of my time waiting for a tech that never came. 3 weeks with internet problems!
To whoever gave Nature sexual favors in exchange for my nice weather today: you are awesome.
I LOVEE YEW!!!! And your soo AMAZING,just thought I'd let you know
yea but they tired and can't find it plus they ain't hungry!
I'm loving all this advice your sending I love it
Loyola is in the ECAC in lacrosse.
Lol you know I'm playing slime!
do you have any candy???
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for TLC's "Outrageous Kids Parties. Congrats to Songwriter - Stephanie Wallace!
GREAT #HEAT WIN!!!
Thinking of the person you would like to become will increase your expectation "mechanism"!
Was going to write something pithy about the debates, but looked at all the headlines and got too depressed. Will drink instead.
Rudder-Roo3 was a blast! So glad to rock out! Busy week ahead a lot of MAJOR things happening right now! God Bless :)
Living the
true, loved the Kittles comparison afterwards
Dancing with the Stars again tonight
720 since my monitor doesn't go up to 1080.
if its for PanCan I can help with anything, if not sorry.. :)
Nigga where's your
Looking forward to our day of service tomorrow at Sarah's House! Thanks to for coordinating everything!
i got a good chuckle out of that... #bigots&mormons
#NowPlaying "Moving Forward" by Israel Houghton on #Pandora "the past is over"
Acck! Didn't see this until just now. Oh well, there's next year, right?
it is definitely a different mentality and lifestyle, although we are working hard to improve it.
what is next for you? Have you gotten any record contract calls? You were fantastic and totally deserved the win last night.
OMG THIS IS MY LIFE OKAY.
Some old dude said this park looks like Wrigley...I punched him the face and stole his Coors light.
LIAR! #unforgettable ;P
strange reaction considering the no. of Arse players at City now.
Please follow me i'd be the happiest girl to walk the Earth! #FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE!:)
Wilbon also said Nash would not fit on Miami. So theres that...
He'll have his college TE to throw to, so that should help. We should be able to at least double our win total from last year! ;)
really not looking forward to waking up at 7 again tomorrow morning
Sometimes people needa dose of their own medicine !!
Bought my cap & gown today. $50 for something that will soon collect dust in my closet. Any grad wear repurposing suggestions?
you can get those on our website. www.clicgearusa.com. You will never have another flat tire!
Mm nothing i don't think. Why?
sushi is so not gross
Good morning.....feels like a good day for a new phone like the Aviator!
Was going to dive into some Edy's ice cream last night until I saw pushing an SUV on ESPN2.
and a double!!!
Don't do anything halfway, unless you're willing to be half happy.
Enjoying a fabulous conference! Thank you #aepforums!
If you're going through hell, keep going. - Sir Winston Churchill
Wishing it was thunderstorming tonight.
Anyone still need/want G+ invites?
follow me please<3
Xbox 360 or ps3?
Happy Birthday to the Beautiful, sweet ! Love u Friend! Hope to see u soon X
I have WAY too many calendars going right now. Phone, outlook for work, purse sized and family calendar. Anybody got a better system?
Pat Riley would do some shit like that too
wondering how you did your content aggregating . I'd love to pick your brain.
Thanks for following! I'm sure I'll provide you with plenty of run-on sentences! ;)
thanks for the follow (:
Bravo bravo bravo bravo
thank you for following! Be sure to also check out for the latest in mktg, adv, pr & design.
RT Hey my Trigga boo can you please follow my lovely sistas ~» please Trey :)
Have a fun Labor Day weekend! Any fun plans?
Please say a prayer to Corey Smyth(NFL player missing) and his family
voted! Good luck bud!
Sounds like Kroger needs to call them Monday!!!
RT : Do not add to His words lest He rebuke you and you be found a liar. Proverbs 30:6
So you're telling me there's not a Long John Silver’s within 1,000 miles of here?! That's HORSESHIT!
Thanks for stopping last night! Hope you enjoyed your night with us!
If you're traveling in and out of Toronto, YYZ is in no way representative of the rest of Canada (in many ways)
ONE TRAILER TO RULE THEM ALL. Also, don't know if you know this, but I LOSE my MIND when I see mini ponies, of which one appears at :29. AHH
Michael Jackson 1988 Bad Tour @ LA Memorial Sports Arena. I was 8! RT What was the first concert you went to, & how old were you?
HEY HEY!! lol i just made myself a twitter, not sure y though XD i was bored
I assumed something otherwise ..
Some great
i need one more tweet. my tweets r up to 666 , it scares me haha, :)
I need more followers
Haha! Nate started prepping everything after the Rangers/Devils game. We are good to go! Haha! I'm bringing my camera.
I KNOW. imma cut him
I kinda like it.
28ACEA48 Add my BBM Artist/Producers Managers!
I was successful because you believed in me. - Ulysses S. Grant, in a letter to Abraham Lincoln ---Mentoring matters!
Canton Economic Development Committee meeting tonight at 6pm. All are welcome. Broom Factory, press 2-3-5 at front door for access.
Je t'aim.
I watch every game he does with the volume down. Can't stand him or the way Musberger kowtow's to him.
What. Lame. Exit through the Gift Shop was robbed.
Dear Summer: CAN YOU HURRY UP ALREADY !!!!!!
Sometimes we need to cry, so we could see clear aqain. Just let the pain qo away. !.!!. =]
so how is you day going ms mattie?
Haha no! I use Grove Online all the time even though the library copy is less than 5 feet from my desk.
It felt so wrong, it felt so right, don't mean I'm in love tonight.
#5Kin100Days Looking forward to my Week 1 - Day 1 workout today. I missed last week due to being in the hospital. Wish me luck!
Omg this fuckin spider is bout to DIE...i hate bugs
Starting early this morning; calling temp agencies, doing some yoga, trying to limit myself to one "oh shit" an hour.
up till 12.
i don't know what to write for my personal essay. my life isn't that interesting.
go ahead ima real G
No problem
listening to someone edit audio over and over again can only be made more enjoyable when the volume is cranked all the way up.
I want an odd future shirt
Muahaha. Just mass email my girlfrans for a ladies night. Friday? Anyone?
Thanks for the shout-out! RT : Shout-outs to in: "Libraries as Linchpins" -...
My bf and I are placing bets on who wins!
if I wasn't sick I would come ;(
Finally catching up on grey's!
Super super excited about So Percussion at tonight.
Get ready for the #FAI12 Welcoming Reception, happening on the 2nd floor at 5pm! Music by James McMurtry!
It's always a great day when I wear my Marc Anthony dress socks!
heh. And my last tweet (from December) was about Santa Claus. oy. Life, she marches on, eh?
Parent's worst nightmare: Thinking you just saw your (underaged) child on textingwhileintoxicated. Thankfully, wrong area code.
why do you have court lol
Like your use of tweetwally on your site, are you projecting it on site too (like SCREENtxt proj)?
If you need help with insurance, we can quote with a ton of different companies at once. May we help you?
I wanna go fishing lol
I hate teachers.
call me soon -- I got some bad news.... 2025380313
"Hair appt." sounds high maintenance...even when it isn't.
"Practice isn't the thing you do once you're good. It's the thing you do that makes you good." ― Malcolm Gladwell, "Outliers"
Whew! #TGIF!! Now, it's time to get ready to party TONIGHT! Come out to CUVEE for MUEA's #Birthday Honors starting at 9p
remind her to try again later when she isn't at a family thing where the liquor floweth
#IfYouKnowMeWell then you know i bleed orange.
I would love to but I will be up two weeks before. Doubt going back up will be feasable
JB where are you now??
Working on converting technical papers to EPUBs. Image and template-heavy docs. Any conversion recommendations? InDesign is tricky...
Yes he is!
RT : How IT Asset Management can save you money: Good management of your IT resources can help you save money and reduc......
Does 1:00 pm work then? or is 1:30 better. Let me know. Is Rally close to the Ferry Building?
I hope that dream comes true :)
RT : What questions do you have on PINTEREST? (For our Webinar next wk, tickets still available!)...
Love the Buddy Bears; 's food photos make me so hungry (and miss KL).
Unknown Hinson tomorrow night W.unknownhinson.com
Minnesota Autos for sale everyone is approved for financing with job. Need a vehicle contact me.
A lamp in my and my sister's hotel room kinda blew up into flames earlier. Now we have Godiva chocolates and a bottle of wine.
said heela good hood wings i had today
THANK U AGAIN FOR COMING TOO WEST PALM BEACH
I'm mad this Lucas kid was lighting us up. Someone needs to put a bounty on him lol
(obvs Villarreal, but don't know why I typed B.. )
don't be getting a morning DWI on a scooter!
Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in the united states. In case I'm not there, I go to work.
Nobody notices mikayla ? #SADTWEET! I just sit in the corner all ALONE like ohh, look a penny. :/ & listen to 's music. <3
RT : Teargas in our house, in my children's lungs
About to watch Obama's speech on KOIN! You should tune in!
Great workout & run!! Now its time to watch the tourney
I would think of something clever to say as a 4/20 tweet but I'm too high...... On life
I remember when kids were taught manners & actually feared their parents
ok so is it an oxymoron to sing the dogbountyhunter theme while playing candyland? oh well watch out little colored peeps the dog is playing
RT : Chattanooga started planning their first fiber deployment 15 years ago. Vision and persistence brings success.
Being interviewed on KIPO 89.3FM's show The Conversation The Gemini Duo's July 30th Recital at Hawaii Public Radio www.hawaiipublicradio.org
“: I hope my mom don't forget bout that tux.”senior prom or junior prom
Tuff S#*t.
that's nothing - mine just keep telling me through the door. And if they're the one going they just talk louder.
The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want... That Psalm holds true all day...EVERY day.
Bleed Hoya blue? Think cancer sucks? Follow for exciting updates from Georgetown's Relay For Life.
my phone died damn
RT I got war money, baby... I wanna show you how I store money, baby.
yeah, its a done deal
i wish you would have said hi. we could have hung out
Great chatting with about The Human Mosaic Project! (). Thanks so much for your time :-).
I'd trade the entire Minnesota Wild roster for one Claude Giroux ...
Cause we're lame...haha
THANK EVERYONE FOR COMING TO MY AUTOGRAPH SIGNING.COME SEE ME SATURDAY IN RICHMOND REGAL CINEMAS AT 2PM-6:45 FOR THE 6:55 PM SHOWING
- thanks for your follow and your good work. Be well. Marc
Fuck you got on elbow length gloves for? This ain't no ball -_-
You're welcome!
Naw nicca I didn't! It's a bet, hell u ain't da only getting money!
we plan to close registration on May 21st
Raisenettes and lollipops... Saw I got left.
I just bought a ticket to go to Chile in July! I'm so super excited. Tell me things I should know
It's a home computer fixer-upper day today. Starting with creating a system restore disc and backing everything up.
Wish I could see this in person. RT : We will be riding with the boulder tonight, live-tweeting all night long!
chapter 2 will be up tomorrow :)
american is fallin behind an if ppl dnt get it togetha wit the education an jobs the usa will b a third world country mark my words
Goodmorning Avery B.
that's a great view
Obscurities & Rarities in full effect.
There is no distance that you can not go, neither goal can not be reached!!
you watching this?
Maule Mauleeee, Boo picture today made me think of you, I smiled for hours
Cortwright #talentdividend regression analysis shows 60% of differences in metro area income explained by education attainment
"Naturally, the sight of a dog and a cat watching an egg brought the usual string of gawkers... and thrill-seekers" Love this movie :]
I'm stuck in QBO and would love to hear about alternatives.
Don't take your independence for granted. Helping others achieve that is the best part of my job - Jennifer Vigran CEO
Hey check out our FB page for updates on more screenings and theatrical roll out. We want everyone to see it!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!^
Kim Delaney discusses disastrous Liberty Medal speech Kim Delaney calls her shambolic appearance just the end of a "bad week."
Lost opportunity: In #Mizzou's main bookstore. They're selling no merchandise related to the new uniforms.
Any #UFC fans out there? Watch Valaquez VS Dos Santos while enjoying Amber's extended Happy Hour this Saturday Nov.12th from 6PM-10PM 21+
biggest threat to the world are humans who watch the Kardashians.
Make sure to eat some brunch before you watch your sporting event of choice today!
cold. Nashville sounds good right now
What's Your Favorite Pandora Station Right Now? (Mine is Breakbot Radio! :))
nice... I'll be rolling out the summer menu next week do lots of new goodies.
Residents of these ten U.S. states have the best chance of living 100 years or longer: IA, SD, DC, NE, MS, KS, CN, MA, MN, MT.
Love LOVE LOVe my #BlackKnights and #LadyKnights! We aren't done yet! Let get this WIN tomorrow night and then get OVERALL next week!!!
Well there goes that plan. How about before work for a stiff drink? Or just coffee? Or after for a stiff drink?
HAPPY MONDAY!! Remember life & death is in the power of the tongue. Speak wise and faith filled words
Anyone need a dog walker or pet sitter? Have excellent references. Dog, Cat, and Horse exper over thiry yrs.
y did u change accountd
temecula public library, a surprisingly comfortable place to get some work done
you are welcome! Happy Friday!
What's good? Been a while! I didn't see you at 's last weekend I think? Lol
red vines and wine
Those took forever! Once my mom scheduled mine for 3 right after school so we wouldn't have to wait. Turned out to be a snow day
Successful community match day. Thank you!
i was joking ,duh. i mean i smoke 10 bowls before 4:20 pm,so obviously not me........
Hey guys, we hope to see you all this friday in boca! We're opening for , , , , & !
What I need from you is understanding
couch cushions all the way!!!!
Believe me when I say that 3-7pm will be plenty of time to sample all the craft beer you can handle:)
ha thanks. people are strange indeed hope you can brush off the unkindness!
"To me, a punk is someone who says what's on his mind and who doesn't take no shit!" -Rick James in Blues & Soul Magazine (November.1979)
I hate when dudes don't wash their hands after they use the bathroom...
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give happiness
Finally set up my Ping account, should blast to Twit, FB, Linked In, Blogger and Paralegal Los Angeles.com
I remember when me Dieyna & Derae seen this couple having sex by the lake..but it was pure daylight outside. People nasty
Just ate Kelly's for breakfast... Omg so much fricken food!!!!!!!
In Brooklyn about to check out this Weeknd show.
No surprise that tonight was excellent, thanks as always !
Why do we need smart phones, it just makes our generation needy and stupid!
You are my man, thanks for your call!
Haahah sorry babbe i would get you but i left beforee i saw your message!
off to watch a movie, sip a celebratory Margarita....and of course: paint!
thanx for the follow!
no, my older sister is moving across the street from her current house, and it's going to be awesome!
I don't know anything about cricket. Tiny trophy? Ashes? What??? Reference or wikipedia citation, please?
just got back from the storm hokey game! Saw lots of FIGHTS! :)
you got some cool pics of here
Oh my...one of my posts got 1,135 hits. Wow!!!!
Love you baby!
Thanks for the RT's!
You are one of my favorites too! : ) would love to see you anytime, lady!
you can come to my dogs party with Halvo tomorrow. Double bday fiesta!
Again w hashtags: Contemporary #church service this morning #Methodist in #Minneapolis. #Blues Sunday! Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
Again #NYGiants #SpecialTeams comes up big!!!
meeting with today!
We owe the banks? Seriously?
Finally lit the furnace today after some days of rain and 40-degree temps. The low in the house: 54F. I don't think would've liked!
Eric Schwartz credits Fay Kanin, NFPB chair, for originating the term "orphan works" in 1994
It's a thin line between French Toast and hate
We got a show at Marilyn's on K with Sarx and The ILLusionists on 10/04/11. Hope to see you out there
I see I changed ur profile pic.
some1 yelld 'annie' (I think they meant jonatha brooke's song) and shawn joked about plying 4 ppl that don't know hermusic.
Hoes will do anything for a scooby snack.
Austin Carter Mahone belongs to me and true fans <3
I hate firedrills .
I would rather have a sister than a brother :P
glad I'm not in the majority of dumb boys haha
Press play. Apply filters. Engage beat repeat. Win a Grammy.
Julius Caesar, Henry II and Napoleon all had a fear of cats (ailurophobia), and would nearly faint in the presence of a cat.
Gov. Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad. Was he ever bit n the a$$ by one of Bull Connors dogs while marching
I will never be a body double but I will always highly enjoy reading casting notices for body doubles
what's up?
we gave you a shout out on our blog today! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
I do
good morning. I just made eggs. The end.
you wore this on 16&pregnant!
Hes the one i think is cute but actually my bias is Suho :D
I love it! Through the eyes of babes :)
Zygote ID only! RT : RT : Is a transvaginal ultrasound picture an acceptable form of voter ID in Texas?
You can have him when you get back!
I don't drink BBQ sauce in large quantities so I am not too worried :-P "Watch out for high fructose corn syrup in barbecue sauce"
my bitches always dtf !
U ride for me , i have no choice but to ride for u .
The day seems pretty nice besides this annoying wind.
how has larry not been seriously caught like making out yet im not even joking.
Congrats Riley, you deserve it, (sniff) we will miss you in Portland!!
Just chilling at work..gettin off at 3 n then some madden time.Damn can't wait for nba 2k11.. gonna b sick
tebow passes to Mcgahee and there going to try to kick it. thats going to be a 45 yard field goal and its no Good.
should be a great concert...with BT &H right?..
Very cool.
when you a rapper you get beef imma make the first dis track about you let's have fun ctfu
How did i miss the new sleven on campus?!
10 more days!
broncos or bust
Really morning Steve Jobs what an inspiration to the world!
So new metra cars seem to have non-working doors and electricity. Did they get them on clearance?
Adam Jones homer, one of the best centerfielders in the game
DOING THE MOST!
Bloggers need to stop neglecting itunes and YouTube
Finally rewatching entourage. Took five minute to remember why it's my favorite show and further learn how amazing the writers are
Is Gina Gershon nominated tonight? For "Best Actress Who Stole My Cab on 34th St"?
Lol if a nigga do that, he's in love. RT : fart around me
its a blessing to have on board fam!!!
intellectual-insult-after-injury: China is currently a net-exporter of agricultural/food -- try imagining that in the 70ies :D
Killer stop motion shoot last night w molding doughboy havoc w on camera!
It worked!
Seattle's Perkins Coie had just 8 lawyers doing patent work in 1999. Today, about 170 lawyers handle patent prosecution and litigation.
Nigga dont u ever come at me like that!!!!!
Who's ready for our giveaway? Stay tuned, we will be giving away a Family Four pack within the hour
Hey thanks for the crowd pic. We've been hoping to get more of those! Please come out the next time we're back in town
Stephen Curry rolls ankle again, leaves game early
Happy one year anniversary to !
Is there a difference between wife & wifey call into #LateNightLesbiansRadio right now 347-857-2089 & tell us how you feel ?
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist, Frank Tony style Ill send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
I want sign-up for that club of you guys :]
The worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument, you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
“If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your heart” - Arab proverb
Thanks! Was a piece of cake. :)
We are playing 2-A-Days in Pearland tonight! Come check us out! Doors open at 7!
I'm going to be a "different nigga" after this trip.
How can she help??
Warm weather = sun dresses :)
Haven't learned about anyone I work with leaving their job via Facebook or Twitter this morning. Hope I'm not missing anything!
Datasoft... Worst name for a company ever. Le Stick. Worst name for a product made by Datasoft. Also, NEAT!
Headed out for my weekly lunch date with , always one of the highlights of my week! :D
RT : Still in one piece after the party bus last night! That shit was epic! Shout out to escobedo party bus !
Zo! & Sy Smith at DROM, New York City NY | May 3, 2012 NEW YORK STAND UP FOR SY!
WAFFLE HAPPY HOUR IS GOING ON NOW! Telling the cashier "Behold the Power of Waffles" and you will get you a discount on all waffles!
most definitely the piano keys.
Thanks for the follow back from our newest followers! I look forward to sharing!
Old ways won't open new doors.. 👌
did you know?A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
that was a heartbreaking piece of writing. It felt like a punch in the gut, but you nailed it.
Hello Colleagues of education, school will be starting 8/15/11 in Ohio. I am 2 ready to return. Whoppee!!!! C U soon kids!!
Oh what?! is in Vegas with WADDUUUUPPP
Automotive Finance and Leasing for Consumers in Emerging Global Markets
I'm so glad you (and your roommate) like the swag! :)
thank you for raising such an amazing boy ^.^
Now that's what I call a dessert. Need you in LA. Pumpkin cheesecake panna cotta maple caramel, gingersnap
I feared that; I'll catch the first plane out tomorrow.
We bout to pop, lock & drop it Klusoz tonight!! VIP sold out and weeez bout to get real crunk & drunk! (almost drunk) lol See you tonight!
hahahahaha I can imagine your face lol , what did you do today?
The US has confounded capitalism w/ liberty. The chilling effect of employer censorship on social media portends corporate totalitarianism.
Pigtails and Pinot
Kobe will play tonight but apparently threw up on the bus to the arena. :-)
i love <3 and his voice. Can I marry someone's voice? :)
i am so sad i missed you! can't wait to see your beautiful self! hope all is well! xoxoxo, sam
Rainy day + a cold = long day
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought.
thanks for the message! Keep me updated!
Let's all get together so that we can build our own spaceship that will allow us to visit many planets. Do you also want to visit some ET's?
Paranoid and pretentious!
Happy First Mother's Day to and !!!
I just found out via a Facebook message that there's a website giving away an iPhone 5. I won't tell you which one, because I want it.
RT : Don't forget, it's First Friday! Be apart of this evening in Downtown Las #Vegas !!
De rien, Tara! Such a noble cause.
Leggings, dude.
Ahh not too much, I live a pretty boring life.
T-3hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
Thanks for the follow!
Hope the race was great!
#CodyJakeUstream shoutout to Megan, Jackie, Sammy in NY ?
He's not black or white, he's a Capital.
yup you did, I was there too.
Our commitment to customer service is based on friendly personnel that will give you the best treatment and fair and reasonable prices
thanks! thinking 9:30 is a tad early to open one of the bombers....
sigh .... I miss sonic
#bigbrothersbigsisters thanks all the people who step up to mentor kids! They change lives for the better, forever!
omg lol thats reckless. Be careful
party is NOT at my house!!!!
Thanks so much! How are you guys doing?
horror comedy Love in the Time of Monsters
Go girl power
- wonder how Jack Johnson is feeling right about now with #kings pretty much dominating, steam rolling way though playoffs.
Can you imagine the media chronicling your every move? Every Twitter name change, breakup, shopping spree? Glad novelists are invisible.
you are right the cycle continues until Hamas stops. Israel cannot allow their Civilians to be murdered. So choose peace.
Great to see staying true to original mission of founders via social media! My first car was a #Fairmont ...
At least I hope so because that shit just happened.
Yo, Rick Perry, "regulations" has 4 syllables in it...or is this your idea of reducing unnecessary rules?
it's going to be a bad year for bugs of all kinds. no deep freeze => ++bugs.
morning Trey hope you have a great day
i tried but she gave me a funny look. so i tried to get a picture to show you and she ran away hahaha im being
: Kanye west hates white people.
How is everyone?what r u doing this weekend?
Thanks for the RT - much appreciated!
Ganglians were god! is currently melting faces. Up next is If you're not here...why?!?
Hahaha, ok, let's go with that then :)
This lame tho
Man I tear up at the most random parts of this movie
Well I reside solidly in the non-FBer camp. I think it has its merits if you're selling a service or a product, and yes, it can be..
2* Over Kentucky dave
Can't trust these men ha
LinkedIn Business profile page created! Search for "Virtual Persuasion". Thank you to all of our followers!
Absolutely. RT : 84 degrees in Chi-city. It would be wrong not to find somewhere to drink outside, no?
Reason 10 to love the BBA: Be an individual w/ our clothing boutiques, find unique pieces & discover the story behind the brand.
Not to be confused with the similar-sounding "cocoa tree", who's leaves are processed and synthesized into cocaine.
Dreamt about a work party in which Tina Fey asked for my card and Maya Rudolph held my purse while I looked for it. This is my life.
So looking forward to it! MT: Luckily & I are already coming in!“: 20% off all bottles of wine”
yup my last year (: thank god. but i still need summer school, so im graduating in augst.
People wack and funny .
: One way ticket from Chicago to Milwaukee? $23. Waiting 2 hours on the train for it to leave the station? Priceless.
We'll casually bring it up next time we see him.
for the past year and a half I saw he has been working so hard for us. He has gotten SO many more fans and everything. #AustinsGoingFar ♥
Baseball players>>> football players.
NO! We love you for your dedication to all the fans. :) <3
Why do bad things happen to good people?:(
Did anyone see Steph Curry's 360 spin lay-up?
obviously. who did you go with?
Yes I believe I have. But I cant think of an example at the moment
Happy 125th to Occidental!
It's Fun @ Work Day! Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.<---Not recommended. :) TGIF & have a great weekend! :)
there's talk of squashing beef with 50 is that true?
where are you drinking?
Just announced 1st two shows of 2012: "Beauty Queen of Leenane" & the musical "Working"- very excited for the new year!
*clears mic* sings crispy chicken.....
Class , just sung to me ( ;
#IWishYouKnew how much I like you <\3
- miss hearing from you, is all well?
Lily says: “I can speak five languages; six if you count gibberish.”
my next album is going to be so much better...
Cartmenez student has no computer but LAUSD has money for a twitterer! Gives new meaning to TWIT!
"Come enjoy a customer dinner favorite = Frutti Di Mare: mussels, shrimp, scallops & clams in a garlic wine sauce over linguini!
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
Thanks for a gr8 Wednesday! See you tomorrow at 8am!
The uber fucking rich can suck my cock too.
I love you! Come see me! <3
Where were all these LeBron fans last June?
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
the founders of twitter
thanks for following!
Housing is done! We may not have gotten what we wanted, but all that matters is that I'm living with my best friend
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I will always love you. and I will always care.
I received +K in social media from Gracias!!! ;) Would love to have you over for tweetup on Thurs SoBe!
“: Chelsea Handler seems to think shes a lot funnier and hotter than she really is. She must be a dude.”. Amen!!!
I'm weaning myself from the Faceass network. Using this to vent.
I am writing a history of Big Brother and the Holding Company,an almost entirely visual history.Sam
Politics doesn?t make strange bedfellows--marriage does.
MCA I wanna offer my love and respect til the end...
#gamedev 's hit me up for
i hate dreams they make me think too much
I seen a music player that looks identical to the iPod touch. It's called Samsung galaxy player. Really Samsung?
Got a good YOUR STORIES Report for tonight on 13WHAM News at 6...deals with a Perinton Couple & raw sewage
We really should be able to log these online chat hours as PD. : )
post some pre-edit photos you've done so far
Need answers... seek the will of God for your life. It will be alright. Be Encouraged.
On my way to the Hunger Games!! I'm so excited I can't even...
TONIGHT- The Robert Erness Band is performing LIVE at Show starts at 730pm.
Balling with old homie way legit
yay you admitted it! :D
staff is hired by the Executive Director, not board. The staff works w/ EU and US local teams, which is where chairs come from.
me too!!! We can do it!!!! Heard I'm seeing you tonight!!! Yay(:
Its so pretty outside ♥
really digging the new sound samples. going to be a great CD. he should have sung for creed.
Hope so!
Ernesto Miranda's killer got away with murder by exercising his right to remain silent. Awesome. IMO, Miranda rights need to renamed.
The Books To Movies series continues tomorrow @ Gibson Lib @ 1:30! We will be showing movies based on memoirs. Call564-9261 for title info.
'Tis an honor, indeed, to be the subject of so much admiration! Happy Valentine's Day!
Took the better part of the day to come back from last night.
I bet there are some high dollar bounties on him. Where can I chip in? Lol
The 2012 AVN awards. Best way to end the night.
Needs more followers new to this >
At the #beanpot too bad #Northeastern is down by 1. Go Huskies!
Come in for a classic Dark & Stormy cocktail on this dark and rainy night. We make ours with Cruzan's Black Strap rum and ginger beer
Wow. Hope I have a chance to check it out!
Damn I could use a drink right now.
I swear I'm adopted. I don't fit in with my family at all. I feel like they all get along but I don't. And I've tried to!
Balls Brean aka is on discussing the poor 7 year-old whose father allegedly burned her hand and sent the dog after her.
#3WordsForYou call me maybe 😏
fancy pants!
Someone was at the exhibit floor today #ala10 RT“: I hereby vow to *never* have old lady hair. I'll shave my head first.
I am now accepting ideas for brilliant DIY Mother's Day gifts.
◊ Lovely. They should auction off each lineup card for charity. The way Jerry Narron does it is so special.
"We should throw a silent dinner party since people just tweet at each other anyway!" on the future of social media
I have 2 mondays left silly!we get out the 31st!lol(:
hahahaha im a really good child
Thank! I am honored (I think)
Yesterday the L.A. Kings became the first #8 seed under the current format of the playoffs to knock out both the #1 seed and #2 seed.
Rangers 0-0 Motherwell | Scottish Premier League match report
man that was beyond depressing
DM when u get a chance so that we can discuss a possible cell phone drive fundraiser for the #austinwomentech to benefit
On Query Tracker it says you rep YA, but your agency website doesn't have it listed. Are you actively seeking YA? Thanks!
Allergies are killin me
Big News, NY TIMES bestseller Gayle Forman speaking @ Westside Community Center next Saturday @ 10 am.
►ℱ▒σ▒ℓ▒ℓ▒σ▒ω ✰✰ •••••>So if life has twist were is the straight way to success? Believing in yourself is the way to straight success.
Discount code for 10% off entry to the Todd Durkin IFC: SFEIFC10 visit www.sandyfeetevents.com
#NowFollowing another #Dope photographer
Note: If you ask for / buy the leanest beef filet at a store, you WILL end up with a flavorless hunk of meat. Fat = flavor.
Would like to introduce you to flook
: "Do lecture halls belong in universities?" Education model is outdated.
Why do we root for our own conference to do well in college but not the pros? The Talking Cheeseheads weigh in: www.cheeseheadtalk.com
true for some but many easier to criticize after replay
Whew! Glad the tsunami was not severe in Hawaii. Very interesting to watch on TV and the interwebs. Now to get some stuff done. Aloha!
your an amazing person!!!! Sometimes all you have to do is say hi for a girl to melt......... just say hi.......
HA! So you ARE The Situational Franchise!!!
Last tournament today. We placed third <3
Dear LA ELFs, if Hyukjae strips down and takes his shirt off at your SMTown in a few days, I DEMAND PHOTOS or else...
yeah but the MD that tells you not to smoke wasn't paid $$$$ to promote tobacco
Agreed. Great player. RT : Former WR Anthony Carter to announce #Vikings 2nd round pick at NFL Draft... Awesome!
Just learned from Watertown coach Steve Harrington of the passing of Peter Gonnella. Condolences to the family.
Hello Liz: Thanks for the follow.
is laying down with ice on his parts, working toward responsible infertility and receiving the best of care.
#LIES! RT : I'm here talking with the organizers - everyone's packing up and going home. Event cancelled. :(
SO THE 76ERS ARE REALLY STUPID.
Done working out time to go home shower, eat nd sleep cause I'm still sick nd feel like shit
NO! JUST CHOCOLATE!
Occupy protesters have latched on to the "99%" moniker because it is a statistical number that appears very infrequently
Calm down.;) Sorry, I had to.
New Phone((;
#thisrapturesucks if anyone sent money to that fraud radio preacher, time to sue for fraud, you think?
#Brewers continue to get clowned on by supan
borrowing from Terre Roche - How many musicians does it take to change a light bulb?
Hey if anybody know my name follow me k
joe johnson thanks the hawks for that celtics 10-0 run
It got cold again I swear if it snows I'm punching someones baby
Truly blessed. My family will forever be my rock. Could not ask for better.
I miss you MORE. Let me know when you're free...next week is like super good for me except Monday and Tuesday :)
haha it's kind of true!
I want to marry Rihanna
i loved him so much.
": RT : i Don't Really Care for females claiming they freaky but dont suck dick > [Truth]
what's the matter?
well that sucks..there's no way to reset it or anything?
Ahh my breath smells like Fruit and Alcohol.
I finally ordered some Tweaked earbuds using the discount code from and saved myself ten smackeroonies! Thanks guys! 😃👍🎵
In the struggle lies joy
My best friend hates me
Hope everyone is having a great spring break!
Whoever raised 1K to send all employees red, blue, & green cupcakes all flavored boring vanilla is my new hero.
Pearson: Algebra 1, biology, Environmental Science, Geometry.McGraw Hill: algebra 1, Biology, Chemistry. Geometry, Physics. No HMH books? :(
yum I love ziti anything pasta actually :)
i just went through all your favorites and laughed at my own tweets
#howtomakeitinamerica STOP DEPENDING ON FOREIGN GOODS!
oh! I must try that. Thanks for the tip :)
I just want to ride in airplanes and yachts.
welcome to the call!
Great I'm being followed by Tiffany Megan--she's taking over the world. I'm a bit shocked she wants this one. Oh well.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine: it makes a man mistake words for thought! ~ Anonymous
Great idea! We've added links to high-res versions for most of the maps.
#Drew don't stop singing. You're amazing & incredible. I can't imagine what you're feeling. Keep singing #Skyscraper <3 <3
likewise, hope everything is great!!!
had the greatest night with my best friends Erich, Sara, and Jeff. Nothing beats word play, pretending your getting drunk off of lemonade
<----Smart girl wit a dumb booty! Lol
David Stern - the GOP of the NBA.
lol u lost me im somewhere in freebands land lmao
we miss you!
cool! Where did you get them? What color? :)
What I still ask for daily - for life as long as I have work to do, and work as long as I have life.
...just a CM Punk themed page.
Dislocated knee 8 years ago without surgery. The not so smart decisions that we end up paying for in the future
Sorry everyone, due to the breaking weather news the "March to New Orleans" special on 10TV and ONN will not be seen.
doing them Tommorow wanna come ?
Well first you will have to actually invite me over and i would rather do that anyways.
You stare, I stare back. You look away, I smile.
Listen to Rebecca Black & all will be right with the world again.
3 iPhone4 giveaways to the top three most creative #BroLies by Sept 1st. Tell your friends!!
Southern Comfort party at your favorite Ned Devine's beginning at 10!
>>Work Flows = Cash Flows!<<
Happy HaLLoWeEN from AZHG!!!! MUuuahhHaahHaaa >:^D
yup you definitely win that one.
i have a hawt new follower. :)
One day, Terry Richardson will shoot me. It will be as iconic as Marilyn Monroe's signature pose.
A belated thank you for the RT!
say good night shawn! ;)
well 161 left to turn the season around.
is follwing me :O i love Serianna!!
fuck a 'good season'
At Home ??
5.5K tweets by the end of the night doe.
That could be kind of good. your fridge is stocked.
What's up DIVA?
Haven't played for 4 days now, and probably won't get time until like Wednesday.
He could care less. I go hard for my Grizzlies, but I don't call people out of their name for guys who don't know I exist.
An old friend just called and seeked my help. He and I are both seeking God. Tada.
Granny G on America's Got Talent >>
#HypeMeUp!!!! I swear I'm on a whole notha level right now!!
when reading #tarot live online - great idea is 2 provide a summary of 3-5 most important points, illustrated by 1 specific card.
What channel is The Ellen Show on?
damn all three of my cuzos is havin babies around the same time..
PS. Cinnabon is now following me. Thanks, Macy Gray. But still no Microsoft.
A-Z of independent artists today from 3-5. finishing the F's going through H. check it out.
Bud Selig one of them?
with free business enablement software on the web. Talkbiznow.com and many others doing our part!
Had a great show tonight!
The Falcons nads have never been as big as they've believed.
Should have checked with #Homewood Police prior to dark.
I should be good now! I had to get that out cuz I was bout to explode!! Lol!
Children who experience developmental delays as a result of childhood #hunger, rarely catch up to their peers.
its not that good lmao.
Aquarius: If Aquarians feelings are too hurt and their trust in you is too broken, they will just cut you off completely and permanently
+ ya'll woulda loved to see #freestyle over some lame spo beats. T'was a scene
Very true Dean
I love you. <13
Best cure for this cold, ALCOHOL!! We have plenty, come down and have a drink or two.
I'm reading a lot about SM as if SM=Marketing. As mktg exec interested more in best ways to leverage SM within my global mktg strategy.
I had a dream last night the Phils traded Halladay and Pence to someone for a 5th starter and one prospect I never heard of. Scary.
Isn't it both? Yes, leaders need to broaden the conversation to find new solutions but there are situational constraints?
unfortunately, you were not even born back then! ;)
what happened? :~(
Yes!! RT : I'm SAG member for 32 years, and I just voted Yes.
yes ma'am
Watching "The Rise and Fall of Tiger Woods" on MSNBC. Excellent! Check it out.
PickUpLine: I'm scared of getting pregnant, so do you want to go up to my room & test out all of my condoms?
Cinema Breakdown in 140: King's Speech & True Grit huge but Little Fockers #1. Vacationing folks catching up on Harry Potter & Tangled!
Can't wait for next Monday. #apartment #deuces ✌
What My Wich comes in dif sizes now? ....Word!
What's up with QR codes that direct people to non-mobile versions of web sites? That is just pure silliness.
Thanks for da shout :)!
sounds perfect to me, Nina!
#ItsABootyCallWhen She Text You Like "Can I Just Come Lay With You" 😏 Naked Huh? Ok Ok Come On Get Comfortable Lol
you too. hay #FF to both of ya. it's only 2 hours away.
Charlotte bound...looking for housing...any suggestions Charlotteans?
Great promotion idea!
NOPE YO MAMA CAME OVER @ IT AGAIN SUCKIN MY DICK 4 A S/O... RT : Did you get peanut butter on your caps lock key again?
Angelina is in full-on Jessica Rabbit mode!!
Just added a new volume to my growing beer library (beerbrary?): The Naked Pint, by Now on my cicerone syllabus.
Nice. we're using it for a few internal things and some stuff we have in the pipeline.
good night sleep well
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office. He always makes me smile.
Giving up the snooze button for lent.
It’s #Valentine’s Day and in case you haven’t noticed, we’ve got a pretty good looking crowd. Come in for some Tuesday
Classes are done! Time for job searching and wedding planning!
Meant to ask you: I read you were going to Point Break Live, but I missed your response afterwards. How was it?
was just sung Happy Birthday by her department during a meeting!
what do I get for being your 800th follower. PS say hi to Dibs for me (we go way back...)
Highered Current featuring Justin Dillard and Bobby Broom at Pete Miller's in Evanston!
Quote: "You can be free. You can be black. Look at me! I'm the Heavyweight Champion! Can't nobody stop me." —Muhammad Ali
I just went to the denist a few hours ago guess what no cavities but I need braces that sucks
good call wasn't down
Follow me??
To visit my brother in law in jail. It was almost like they didn't want us to come to work. All the doors were locked and we had no way in.
Me too. Last day of class!
It's funny how you hated me like... 2 days ago, and now you're trying to suck up to me.
Looking for a good book on explaining Social Media -- anyone know one?
ideawf.com officially kicks off in Wichita Falls, Texas. Got an idea? Want to own your own business? This is your chance to get started.
Sons of Anarchy tomorrow!
dennis,DENNIS! You gonna take my damn Miami #Dolphins schedule out your murse n hang it on the side of your stainless steel fridge or what?
Still up...
Join us! May 23 Race in the Nonprofit Sector. Explore our shared responsibility in addressing race, diversity & inclusion...
Plz, can anyone help me be in two places at once tonight. In addition, I have laundry to do, heads of hair to wash, etc, etc
Watchin class act
Hey, Lynn. So glad you enjoyed your ride and connected with the park that way. It grabs u and holds u, doesn't it?
Check your schedules. Let’s all get together at my house on (Thursday) May 24, 2012.
Props to Mayor Rahm Emanuel for saying what's up!
Decided to start working on my portfolio for my college application tomorrow morning :]
it's Awesome.. Love it... PERFECT PERFECT PERFECT!<3
Today = major tea day. Started with chai, moved on to my iced mate blend, and looking fwd to some rooibos boba this afternoon!
:you should find out experience it for yourself some time...lol...
I hate when people take your food with out asking
where are u
"Pain is just weakness leaving the body."
nothing just getting dressed, you?
haha nope. I'm just glad I'm not sitting behind mc lovin lol even though he's not being that annoying today
We are so excited to be listening to new content from again! The shows are great. Check them out!
Anyone know what time the #KentuckyDerby starts next Saturday? Thinking of having a party.
poor, poor, poor guy!!
Sometimes the worst in life happens to the best of people..
I'm trying to keep my WW points low today so I can have cookies tonight.
I'm so thankful for that twitter account. God is good 🙏 lol
I wish I made you happy.
truth. All my hope lies with the panthers and they won't make it anywhere yet.
First day of school went good! It wasnt as scary as i thought!
You got some skillz wit yo voice
- asked like a true Socialist. You don't understand free enterprise. It's a shame...U R blinded by Obama
I have been waiting a week to watch Music Bank and now my dad deleted it .. NO. WHHHYY. This is so horrible. π__π *sight*
yeah, that won't work.
haha was that focus on he family commercial for real? Is CBS trolling?
The Republicans are also smart enough to get clowns like you to do their bidding. Again, they love U
You know what this is, its a pocket inside a pocket,
I know you guys got tired of seeing that same pic as my icon so I changed it! Imma change it back on May 28th but then change it again.
Always at the #ArianaArmy ♡ Proud of Ariana!
Finally Friday thank you baby Jesus!
#WhyDoHoes be going to yoga class? Trick, that stuff make ya hair funky.
Karma is, no joke, a bishh, & it's finally biting your butt!
James started a new day care this week day 1 great day 2 not so much. Wish I could stay at home and still pay bills.
So freakin hot outside.. no air conditioning in this car🔥🔥🔥
sounds like you got your party on last night. hope you're feeling good this morning. :)
That doesnt mean i wont sneak out later tho :)
...All About you.
whats good fam thanks for the follow
Come In Out of the Rain ~ $50 Gift Card Only $45 until next week ~ Try some Chef Wes Hannah Specials and our legendary Vegan Fusion Menu nOw
My paperless experiment (paper on iPad instead of printed out) was successful this morning. Use tips to prep, of course.
and bring beautiful and customized curtains made in aluminum. they've got any deisgn you want. awesome! booth 2521
"Almost everything has a built-in daemon." Deep thoughts with
I thought Kobe was about to pick up Gasol and swing him at an opponent.
I was just kidding.. Chill
Was waiting for XFinity to interrupt this coin toss with a commercial, then Twitter to completely melt down.
Bruce Springsteen to start the Grammy's...not the Whiney tribute
like this one
The baby on this Nashville episode of My First Place on has to be one of the cutest babies ever!
Fair enough
For the first time in my life today, I bought Pogs. Im just as confused as you are.
Eating like it's the end of the world with
So many writing projects swirling around in my head. Need to get them organized and just start. Disorganization & procrastination won't do.
:') OMFGGG, idc I'm making it up to you some kind of way!!
Thai food!
.'s Confessions of the World's Worst Missionary ( ) on Twitter. Follow as they prep 4
"Watching TV takes less concentration than eating a bowl cereal and, at the same time, it increases the stress felt by the viewers."
It just hit me. I'm moving tomorrow and have so much to pack.
Just asking: When are Cards dumping Ryan Franklin?! ERA is 9.88 + opponents hitting .393. Not sure of contract situation but enough!
act WILD, and CRAZY!!! And maybe go to puerto rico or florida!!
Long day coming !
Had a breakthru in my singing lesson today. Thanks to Billy Joel and Jerry Herman and phil hall! I'm officially a mix belter!
#WhenIWasLittle, it was the 80's.
thanks for the post!
Normal Girls: "I need money to buy more make-up." Me: "I need money to buy concert tickets to see my boyfriend."
Bynum has been clutch for the Lakers this season & he's been key tonight.
Stay up to date with current events in #Africa through We are always looking for interesting articles & info to retweet!
Score predictions?
Watching Pokemon Mew vs Mewtoo c:
Josh Smith was, uh, candid -- check out colleague
Tony Dungy or John Gruden would work for me!!
May the road rise up to meet you...May the wind always be at your back...And until we meet again...May God hold you in the palm of His hand.
What to make of Allen Craig's last 350 MLB ABs dating back to '11? For real?
Just heard a woman at a cafe talking about leaving her family, so happy people realize it is a choice and you only keep them if they're good
don't spell my name backwards
I dare you! (Michele) Bachmann Got Run Over By A Gay Deer, while trying to go get it therapy...
Barack knows how to motivate a nation.
Looking for the next new arrivals for the boutique!
wish you ladies were here!
In fear of john bobbit action, if u dont here from me its because
Thank you, wishing you the same.
The only way we could win is if we went our separate ways.. Hurt at first but now I've never felt better
Super excited to go to fun. w/ on 4/13 :-)
"Epstein and his minions were relentless." That pretty much shows you the level of objectivity CHB used when writing his article.
#NP Nitrous Oxide - North Pole
Slow Down & Enjoy Life. It's Not Only the Scenery You Miss by Going 2 Fast…You Also Miss the Sense of Where You're Going, and Why...
Oh now I see. #Follow Saturday
Ringing in the new year building new features! Wait till you see what we're cooking up!
I think my students invented a new adverb today: "Juxtapositionally." So much handier than "In juxtaposition to..." Actually. No. It isn't.
Are you crying? No. I'm trying out my new waterproof mascara.
I know everybody has an opinion, but I'm pretty sure I'm right on this one: Cats will never be as cool as Dogs.
Gettin my learn on, working towards that first promotion.
Geek Alert! Leonard Nimoy is going to be on an episode of The Big Bang Theory! Cool!
I'm going out of my way to say how awful this new show Whitney is on fox....so bad, how did it even get past a pilot?
Well yeah, me, but that's about it. At least that's it when I DD.
so..he totally forgot the bears again. -.-
Sleep, its not just for breakfast anymore!
Why is there some girls ugly ass niples on my timeline!! (/.\)
#iwannagiveashoutout to my girl friend
Finally got a gym membership yesterday xD gonna start #projectswole soon with
It seems to me that the world is on the verge of a major wake up call. It's tough to lie when everyone has a camera and access to the www.
wait wait - not the one you showed me, right?
don't their buses run on natural gas? They cause earthquakes too. Fml
I love it that my boyfriend stands up for me when people are being rude and talking shit about me :/ <3Rainbows<3P.L.U.R.<3
Thx to , & all who participated in today's #socmed sessions w/ & me for ! Good conversation.
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction. - BIGMPG
Laptop study hall for seniors Tues. @ OCC Library 10 am. Learn Windows basics and Internet searches.
Win or lose, i know my Heat will bounce back. Good night
Happy earth day everyone. Go out and plant a tree :)
I hate being alone, gives me too much time to over think...
My daughter this morning: "That guy must be a bookseller." "How do you know that?" "Look at all the stuff in the back of his car."
Adios Great times & excited 4 the work ahead!
Berklee is about to be a quarantine after today lol Congrats to all of the homies graduating from BizzzRKLEE College of Music..
Smooth move, asshole.
Think I'll have to do 95
-.- paying 600 for a truck that a/c doesnt work. fuckthatshit. trading it in this week!-.-
It was a pleasure. Always glad to help. Hope the camp is a huge success now & for years to come.
Off to #bootcamp class at ! Hope I survive!
oh sorry not 16 but 17 y.o
I'm not a businessman... I'M A BUSINESS... MAN!!
The Beckham love fest never ends with Ian and Harkes. GAG
ps- i am really hoping he isn't on twitter
They need a campus videographer. PERIOD!
dude. you rock. thank u fur diggin the digs!
getting ready to walk down to the water and hop on the boat to victoria bc. molson awaits. o canada.
Discover PEACE in the still points all around.
GAME ON! volleyball in Dolores Park tonight! 6pm be there
♥ Five card poker on Saturday night, church on Sunday morning.
Come speak at our community event on li good promo !
Just saw a plug for Nirvana's 20th anniversary of "Nevermind" box set - looks sweet!!! Makes me feel old balls though...
Bend but don't break defense is starting to crack.
Dat moment wen u pour a Manzanita SoL into a gLass and it reminds u of a beer but it really ain't FML
Donate your #emptyinkcartidges to BASE Camp!
Women that say they "Single by Choice" are Women that know they aint got shit to offer a Man!
Happy Father's Day!
Ideally it would allow me to slowly build a historical timeline over a 100 yr period, hopefully with export capabilities.
We need beautiful great songs but should not be too high and not be too deep please help us we must auditions...
I like Indian fans as much as I like American fans. I do not like carefully euphemised racist sentiments or twitter spam.
Bruins fans boo the team at end of 1st period. If #Caps stay ahead, TD Garden will clear out halfway thru 3rd. That's how they roll!
we serve it with the pork chop and specials
considering it's a book I got for free, it doesn't matter either way.
NOW you can say you're 15 ;)
Morning dolls
Bender's awesome.
they don't want to kill off their total audience all at once with their boring debate format
I'm always excited on fridays because of 1 boy & his Ustreams, yep. That's
- Is it standard practice to not have heard back from anyone at #uverse? Still no resolution since noon today.
got back from a hottub where i finished by doing 25 pushups on my back porch in the rain naked. appropriate #yolo usage sry im not sry
Earl Grey in my travel mug, working on more #WestTexasinterviews at the library this afternoon.
ha lets see how long the lakers stay in
happy saturday! <3 1st and Vine
so do you need pictures or like idk what you put in a collage?
Jamming and preparing for recording tomorrow. Can't wait to get this shit made so you can jam it every day.
Have you been to Jenna's blog? OMG. Must-read.
Happy birthday to me.
SInce January when I moved downtown. She is absolutely wonderful, with the exception of her horrible taste in movies.
yeaah im good. Just need to see you soon...have to talkk omg.
the trailblazers are weak, they need to bring back th jailblazers and get sheed, bonzi wells, and z. bo
Just ordered package lets do this!
It sucks how a tweaked muscle in ur lower back can totally hurt every little move :-/
can you make my dream come true by following me.
...and so it begins
said "just pee in a cup" me: "I can't pee in front of people!" : "even if it's a Jam band?"
is wisely breaking down just what #RomneyEconomics means - fat profits for the money men, loss of jobs for everyone else
Good morning. Coffee and a Quote: "Realize that your future lies in your own hands. Practice self-reliance." -Paul Robeson
any plans to support "Undo Send" a la gmail labs in the future?
would hate if he didn't get a yellow
Happy Friday Brian! Thanks for the shout out & have a great weekend! :)
What is thier to do
In case you didn't know, there was 25 earthquakes today. And 16 Friday including a 6.6 by Malaysia. 4.6 and 4.8 off the cost of Japan today.
- you GOTTA use a citicard? or can you just use the passcode?
I hate ants and their uncanny ability to find and crawl over anything sweet. 😡
I know...I need to do some more research and meet more women in #tech !
Dinner: Cod, kumquats, white wine reduction. French beans, wok-seared, garlic, soy, black pepper. I love spring!
If I ever got a picture with Spitta I think it would be my profile picture for life.
It's Friday wassup
My head hurts so bad... The girl braided my hair tight As heck.. Where's the advill when u need it
ha, that's funny, Um, NO! it's a Buffalo Chix Sandwich, know your role!
Sarah did you end up buying the smelly hello kitty folder?? Haha I love you<3 your amazing!!
come to HOLLAND MICHIGAN!, PLEASE FOR MY BIRTHDAY !!!!
sounds like a plan!
one of the perks of working late on tomorrow's is getting to sit in on 's class happening right now...
It is unfortunate that things did not work out with the system we are using and we are going out of business. The domain is now for sale.
<3 We bite hard!
I dream in light only to have a dark reality! Scream and fight only to ignite a spark of humanity! Swim on my lips and drown in my words! Me
Hes got that ass
#littleknownfact They used my body for
This week, working in Seattle. Next week, giving a paper at in Tempe. Talk about your polar opposites...
Strong Housing Demand and Tightening Inventories Spark Nearly 2 Percent Rise in Asking Prices Over Previous Quarter ...
great and u? :)
I need more followers tell your friends :)
"I choose to trust the process." "Confio en el proceso."
Damn! Damn! Damn!!! Thanks for nothing Steelers! Champs my ass!!!
Take twice as long to eat half as much. Anonymous
they found a 300 yr old gravestone behind dosa guys stand whilst excavating washington sq park 2day....sweet.
I couldn't figure out how to Google "I (heart) radio app" but after I typed "I" Google autofilled " heart radio"
I'll yell "Janet loves you!" really loudly I think.
Thanks for the #SO love.
Roc zodiac sign is a Leo it is true
S/O to who got the Cutest hair cut!!!
the money i get..make a nigga rich, and make them bitch niggas sick, and make a hoe get on my dick.
just won a Hop on Top bar tab at Wolski's Tavern! DM me your addy and name and we'll mail the gift certificate out! Congrats!
That was filmed at Stapleton. Not at DIA.
haters lookin at me sideways
Wow really ur gonna actually lift a finger and clean now that I'm moving out? ha ha
Dear NHL GMs, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make some kind of big trade!!! signed, an unhappy fan
Enjoying wait for
Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be clever.
hey #wcmia, thanks for great feedback on my responsive web design presentation today. Will be posting slides this afternoon
Thank you, sweetheart. I felt that from here. :)
passed TX State & laughed because were #NationalChampions & y'all are still Bobcats
But my boy did work so it's all good haha
Fringe Fest coming to Rochester
Back to the grind after #bigOmaha Time to innovate and make #ecommerce simpler! Thanks for a great show
The view of Corey Hart's second home run from my seats, which are sensational, was quite good.
Investors lost over 3 million dollars just in marketing that World tour. It was put together too quickly without real commitments
dark chocolate helps
Thank u !
that will be in Hollywood Florida
So great to be home with my family and dog
Excellent "confessions of a new university president" Robert Nelson UT Pan Am #SACUBO - #8 feed the president information: no surprises
Another day of live music at work 😍 not to mention her voice gives me chills true
good bus travel, nap...we're heeerre ,
thx to #OccupationalHealth&Safety a few fitness & health tips for employees (like me) who sit at a desk most of the day...
EPTI BUY BUY BUY Mega runner here
Salsa and Guac in restaurants may increase foodborne illness risk - undefined This is a good thing to watch out for
By far the floating floors are what people are choosing!!
What's this I'm hearing about an injury...???
Can somebody #tellmewhy I always spill something on myself when I'm wearing white?
Lyon hands out crash course handout re: J.L. Austin. Suggests Wikipedia entry, the "How to Do Things With Words" lectures as starting place.
Can't find my ipod.....I'm dying I can't live without that thing :/
lol. With or without chopsticks can also be a pain. ;-)
hey I need some!
Thanks and for ordering so fast at Quick Pita that I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat. I hate you both.
Day Two of the New Year... Publicly, I ask you... Have you seen the Producer of my next track? I'm told we will meet soon...
Thank you so much. (Blushing now.)
Congrats on the clean sweep of South Carolina!
man I love Chicago...thank you
Nf follow back
I'm also working on a HIMYM Megamix...
Packing my stuff. Headed back to Mississippi for a few days i havent been home in about 4 months miss my momss
RT Every tweet that has #beatcancer today raises money for cancer research - going for a world record. Please RT.
Don't confuse hate with jealousy 😏
Guys who act them selves > guys who have to act like a tool.
Holy cow! And I'm impressed with myself when I ride 24 miles (mostly flat.) Go Jes!
really need to find someone with directv!
Happy 2012! May the year to come be filled with happiness and wonderful moments for you to treasure.
writing about Grace Hanadarko and wondering if she finally found redemption, also looking for folks she helped with their own struggles
The sun is coming up and I'm going to bed. Goodnight everyone! Or should I say good morning?
yo, nice purple velvet blazer you had on today! Shit was gangstA.
Hey David. I think your account has been hacked. You just sent me a DM.
did powerless have something do with Lauren almost dying from chrons?
Can I get a refiiillll ?
you feeling better? <3 (:
Blueberry Banana Nut Oatmeal is coming
I'm the Loyalist!
I almost forgot its the first day of spring to bad it ain't nothing to do
EFFING WOW!
Ph.D. bouncer tames bar, woos doctor, cleans up town.
Tip #162: How many heads up matches can you win in a row? If you win 20 in a row it is time to celebrate.
who at ur table
The days of being loyal to a company and staying 40 and 50 years, being offered stock options and a CEO position is long gone
By your excitement I am guessing that is good! lol SO CONGRATS!!!!
Self-discipline creates personal freedom. Randy Gage
You + = An Awesome Combination // be there tomorrow at 7pm 9116 University City Blvd Charlotte, NC
Wow. That's some incredible bartender powers she has! ()
oh i'm sure she'll meet a really nice boy one day.
Lunch Special! Homemade Pulled Pork, BBQ Sauce & Pickles with a side of Fries. $7 Craft Summer Beers on special! $3/bottle.
Enjoy! RT : appointments booked. #RVA restaurant week reservation made. Monday couldn't come any sooner.
you have a house in Florida lucky I only have a house in California
That was a 5-hour infomercial for NASCAR.
Hey Adam... never got a chance to say Congrats! on your BOT win. Get busy & get rid of those other fuddy-duddys..LOL
is just for color
What's the move tonight??
falling off my workout habits..somebody..anybody..make me do a crunch..a jumping jack, leg lift or something...I need a drill sargeant..lol
Yikes. And I thought I was the libchat meanie. Dear lord.
I have a recruiter looking for an account manager to call on Cablevision in NY. Shoot me an email if your interested. Just friends no other…
Ugh! Why do you have to be so cccuutteee?!
What the what?!
great haha you?
Lol stop staring.
News Another change of course for wild season as Adam Scott, Jason Dufner take Doral lead DORAL, Fla. - And so the show cont
and : if I haven't thanked you already, thanks for the follow!
as soon as...they are finished. Being printed MONDAY!
listening to some
Great music and website. Thanks for the tweet and good luck with everything.
if you ever do decide to part ways with Ur username, I'd like a crack at it. Thx
Next presentation (calling in from Quito, Ecuador) - RFID Self-Checkout Using Koha and Invego
Sure, it was a beautiful day, really. :) We went hiking for a bit in Ocala National Forest on our way across the state.
Wyo This Weekend? :)
How can I help you ? Just helped someone else get a job. #itjobs, #software,#dev,#tech,#kernel,#OS,#virtualization,
It sucks when I wanna takk to someone and everyone I know I don't trust
*not thinking about it*
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're producing that into a production too.
no michael and Mr. King is the best !!!!!!!!
Doom is on Spike TV. Am I the only person who loves this movie?
JOD was a dear colleague. I will miss him terribly.
Congrats sean for winning the street league!!! :)
7 out of 10 new businesses started by women.80% of all purchasing decisions made by women-Ctr for Women’s Business Research
hahah evil face and laugh ......... perfect combo
I HATE BOYS ALL BOYS R DICKS EXCEPT and those 6 boys r not DICKS, I LOVE THEM BOYS...
So when are the Goo Goo Dolls going to open for Lady Gaga? I could see it now, the Goo Goo Gaga Tour! Lol
metaphors can focus attention quickly on big picture concepts
Tony Allen starts at the 2. He's not playing out of position, he just takes dumb shots and makes bad decisions.
I'd bang the fuck out of liam hemisworth anyday
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com ww.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
I guess im going to need a list of everything you've read lol
Whole Wheat Chocolate Chip Cookies Recipe These aren't your average chocolate chip cookies. Rich with flavor and texture, these whole whe
I'll look for a PDF & get back to you!
Love the bus ride past Baltimore with its industrial brick buildings. It looks like it belongs on an old train set.
no, riding solo for that one
Can't wait to move to the WP, then I can go home on my lunch breaks & save money by not eating out everyday
I love love love it!
at yucca's tack shack
At Halftime the #Heat lead the #Pacers 66-39 in our Game of the Night.
:: Thanks for the tweet!
Still skimming book of dog breeds: Chinese Shar Pei. Immediately flashed on Separated at birth, possibly?
heh. You called my ass cute.
Stomach ache! :(
thank you very much. I love when people like my studio. Reach out anytime
Because I love you so so so so much I'll make a video only for you Guys !!! Tell me if someone wants to be a part of this video ?
that's ok Ricky, save em for the 2nd half.
Also consider the restaurants at Whistling Straits & Blackwolf Run. Looks like there's a shuttle to Whis. Strait on the hour.
I WANT YOU!!
Just had the best dream ever!! Got to meet and all in the same night! I wish it would come true!(:
Sister Claire we'd like to use a photo of Angouleme from your website for a library newsletter - can we get a hi res version?
Hawaii 50 set up on DVR for tonight :)
Kid-Friendly Dinners Pleasing the kids at dinner isn't always easy, especially if you have picky eaters in the house. And let's face it,
Oh, I see Bob Carpenter put new batteries in his Hyperbole Machine
Make a joyful noise fellow musicians. Give thanks for the gift within you.
Terrific informatics session...lots of new tools to help our patients!
I'm about to leave school hahah
Mr. Feldman: all of Memphis rooting for Chris M. Would be great to see him at TV final table.
Alam Pro Cleaning Services is an aggressive, highly competitive and value-oriented property maintenance company. We have a strong cleaning …
Welcome to the twitterverse,
I'm currently giving advice on taxes yall! Come join me & at the !
Sugar coated or reality? :-) I'm good, just stressed... you know me! How are YOU?
we are an organization that builds greater understanding & engagement between Muslims & non-Muslims
wen u alone u hear EVERYTHING! haha
Making new friends...
Does Axe make sunscreen? You'd get a lot of doofy 13 year olds with healthy skin.
Spending my weekend with my sisters, my mama, my brother, nd his kids :) Thats what I call
ohh, lol. Who wouldn't he's fine as hell!
a little bit.
iknow it wont. Iv accepted that
Way to be a follower
don't make me cry.
Sometimes I wonder how it feels to get notices by that would make my life rememberable if he does notice me. Plz notice me :)
Come to our next event!
If Bob Harlan were still in charge, I might agree. But today's #Packers don't seem to be as image conscious as Harlan was.
Grammys parties tons of fun...til next year !!! ... good times!
Discipline Not Desire Determines Destiny -- Dr. Charles Stanley. Motivation for all you hard-working Sistas trying to make things happen!
FWD: Yay! Today is PETA's 30th anniversary! :) Celebrate by being extra kind to animals today. Spread the word! <3 peta2
wish you were too!
thanks, I'm sure I'll hate it by March.
Filing one more tax return is going to make me lose it.
It looks like users have disputed the photos you have posted.In case there is confusion photos posted are required to be real-time
I don't follow enough michigan state fans....
I love your twitter & all of your tweet. I wish i was more like you coast you're gorgeous & nice. You deserve to meet IB<3
you're revising hard then?;)
Tensator Named &quot;Cool Vendor&quot; by Leading Analyst Firm
love them! They need to come to #Wichita!
heard u rocked #roi2011 - sorry i missed u
so where do you fall? I'm split right down the middle. They seem perfectly mismatched. But I haven't had either in the field.
Today's the day!
Congratulations on completing your undergrad studies! If you need help downloading your work from TaskStream, call 800.311.5656.
"It is from the blues that all that may be called American music derives it most distinctive characteristics."--James Weldon Johnson...
Wow! and I are just leaving school.
So, So True!!
Bittman: we have to stop marketing soda to kids and we should tax soda like we do cigarettes.
RT : “Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.” -Dr Seuss
When you go to download an app and it says "this app is not compati
I got a puppy! Your dog and my dog should get together!
thanks for following me! I can't wait to move to Denver!
The struggles I'm facing, the chances I'm taking. Sometimes might knock me down, but no I'm not breaking.
sorry for assuming, but yes I was talking about it. Haha I think every kid had a obsession with it. I still like it. Im lame ik.
YES! RT : Hello everyone: I'm a packer for life. It will never change. Go Pack Go!!!!
I'm Mexican and I've had enough of him too. Should've been an all-time great for us. Bad outweighs good for me.
mile zone the lease of apartments search into codes Of zip on The lease of apartments shows villas house garrets stud :-)
yea I'm good bro.. I was try a link up wit n pharris about the demo we was talking bout in the summer
U'R WELCOME...GIVE US A S/O NOW AND AGAIN...THANKS 4 WUT U DO...T/F/S...
Thoroughly freaked out a number of grown men today. Blame it on the al-al-alcohol.
Every time I use a public restroom, in my head I sing "I've got a meeting in the ladies room. I'll be back real soon."
RT : Y.A.B. has some great projects and news to share when we present this Saturday at the !
Looking for the best cafe in Wicker Park? Look no further than #alliancebakery on Division. Seriously, don't go anywhere else. BUT REALLY!
No of course not. I dont think most of them are. Thats why they don't (legally) get paid incentives just for injuring other players
Yup, I'm Matrixing.
Nominee Announcement tomorrow! Fingers crossed!
Want a #lifestyle discount getaway 4 nights $399 Caliente Resorts
My share for the day: Stand in your Truth. It will strengthen your character... Have a great day on purpose.
Oh my god! I actually was going to get the script because I couldn't remember that quote last night! Real <3 isn't ambivalent!
Same here.
Just discovered that Ron Paul is an advocate for raw milk. Had no idea!
Perfect. will come find you.
did you buy a lottery ticket too? Lol
It's not going to fix backlog or most delays in getting patents. No one really knows how new post-grant procedures will work.
aww lol i've talked to like 3 mahomies that live outside the US today haha i hope he does a world tour for you guys :)
I have a question? Can consumers buy direct? Glasses look great!
agreed! I've been hesitant about getting back into making vids because I'm not sure what I have offer is unique enough. :-/
"Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Studio One! Studio Two. Oh Yeah."
Thanks little sister :)
Everybody at school was either high or on crack.... either one same thing! ;)
.... Don't feel too hurt when I drive to Canada, pour my milkshake on your head and smack you.
Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment. - Bono
looks delicious, waiting for my plate???
Hey Lady, just wanted 2 know if Katie Smith is on MN.?
thank you for the RT!
uhmmmm I MIGHT be there haha “: Morning ball tommorow. Waking up at 6 is not that fun! #BobaFett”
Happy Mothers Day!
omg guys almost to 1,000 u guys are awesome. i have been in the hospital and couldnt be on! thanks for keeping following me guys b back soon
lol of course!! Share the wealth 👍
it's not a federal holiday in Mexico... you can't deny that. Real Mexicans know all of this.
Oh ok then I tell you in another email because in the email I answered today was basically the same as I told you right here on
When the bass is so heavy you can't even see out of your sideview mirrors
#youknowyourschooliscrazywhen your history teacher takes your class outside & chases you to the parking lot w/ a plastic sword on a stick.
I learned about bike parts this weekend at 's Mechanics 101 class. Worthwhile if you want to learn about your bicycle.
Alan Greenspan talks at Innovation Nation event I am attending.
Everything good???
Firefly marathon (netflix), crafty fun, then watching fireworks from a boat? Happy 4th of July!
Cowboys will not give up...GO TEAM!
Rejoicing in hope...devoted to prayer. - Romans 12:12
fame n success
do it! Glad I could be of service. :D
Good. At least you are useful...
Evaluation of the quality of sources need to be better: for the teacher and student.
Another beautiful day in Michigan! Enjoying the sunshine while it is here. You too!
You guys pick a day. I will be there!
We're proud to have the team This is a startup the really values great UX!
im thirsty for your like an alcoholic need it im finin for some reason i can feel your lips owe i want yo kiss
$445 to get a police escort around town? Hello birthday gift idea!
thanks for the follow... BIEBER FOREVER, right?
...deep thoughts...lol
I'm watching too much walking dead, obviously
I'll do that. You know how long after I purchased it I can send it in for repair? You know what they charge?
happy bay. G Starr! Just listened to u the other day. Been way to long and hope I see you soon!
Im worried about #oomf right now......
Irony irony irony. So much of irony
#Brewers... Sigh... Bad night. And that bad call on #Weeks sure took whatever wind you had out of your sails.
yeah I drank some Gatorade yesterday, I think ill try to es some crackers or s/t in a little bit
We're watching a recorded seminar on newsriting in #jour111. I have to say I don't have much faith in a lecture telling people to be concise
Haha! RT : That awkward moment when tries to muscle in on your hot date.
I'm so serious can you text me?
Got to sit and chat with our Poster Grand Prize Winner Lukas as he signed 50 of his winning artwork. So sweet.
Charles Barkley has made a playoff prediction: He believes the Denver Nuggets will upset the Lakers in the 1st round.
Really hurtin today. Ugh it just keeps getting worse. :/
Rep. Rukavina was floored that I could be Croatian and conservative. What a hoot he was to have in the Retiring Room.
Musicals in general may have fallen out of favor with me. I think I'm too bitter. Thanks for illuminating though.
Iran is executing men for the crime of being gay. To be a fly on the wall of the next Obama-Ahmadinejad Mutual Admiration Society meeting...
can you follow me
Im still looking for that autographed water bottle!
Black Veil Brides Lyrics have special meaning to me, they’ve helped me get through some very tough times in my life.
I don't feel like myself when I'm not with <3
using PubMed after almost one year. feels strange; it has changed quite a bit too. does anyone have a quick tutorial?
dear journal, your RSS feed containing one item is not useful to me.
should it matter nicholette is just one of the boyz sister john IS one of the boyz
Cloud via Canberra and Computer Power
Big bang theory
My doc brought up the metformin trial to me yesterday! since I can take Metformin now she wants me to start taking it again.
What's your favorite #foodnews website? We love !
Just a Feeling. Maroon 5. </3
she didn't give me yours, but I got an A yeeeeee
Please DM your email.
I haven't talked to you in forever :(
even though her mom died, angel still went on that stage and danced her heart out<3
How bout yoou ?
Fat is an essential part of human diet
hey,did you check ur email
Thanks for the RTs, mentions
not feeling anything at all is the best feeling there is
happy b-day for yesterday cassidy i hope u had a nice one ily :)
.. A friend who dont know anything in football told me :"should I pick Brett Favre for my fantasy football team ?" #HOP !!"
So eating a tomato a day turned out to be nothing. What really mattered is the right size of tomato! :D
will Noah and I see you tonight at Sophia's 4 the Extreme Moms meeting?
Yahoo eating sloppy joes in drinking beer How did you get any better than this
This is how I felt about Twilight. Thank u for your opinion of 50SOG. I will be skipping it ;)
Asking me questions I have no idea what the answer is, and you know I don't <<<<<
Demi Lovato is my idol and anyone that makes fun of her is going down she has feelings and she is a human like all of us I LOVE DEMI LOVATO
and also white queerness or labor movement scholars who dont give a shit about race.
By a show of hands. Who's gettn lit right before they eat tomorrow??? NE body??????
#oryeah your more ratchet than Kelsey in history
SHORTS was fun last night. If you missed it, tonight 8pm at Theatre Project.
Great story in today's about the Instagram and Facebook deal
The awesome thing is that its not gonna be me. I may want him more than he wants me. But I definitely don't need him more than he needs me.
I'm only doing Blue and Gold day because my 1st period teacher said she would give us EC if we did.
Hilarious! RT : Shoutout to at #webwise for his stellar attendance record BUT HE'S NOT HERE YET
Need to improve your salary in the IT field? Enroll at KSI and get an IBM Rational Certification. www.ksi.edu
You believe you're imaginary friend loves you unconditionally� but will damn you to eternal torture if you're 'bad'?
Happy Easter :)
I just might though cuz...what do they say?? Oh yeah,
Thank you for a great session on social media today - oustanding, learned much!!
where else are you playing after tonight? Would like to check you out later in the week if you'll be performing.
ima kick back, analyze & read you.
i know! ): he never touched my hand he just looked and pointed to me!
External Resources would like to thank everyone for participating in the Focus Group Central Valley Recovery Group Luncheons!
San Diego, California Weather :: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY: 61F MOSTLY CLOUDY
I hate during like a song it just pauses and you're stuck in the middle of a dance move for like ever and you're about to fall -__-
Cool, It's not a #FIFA date so the whole squad will not be here! Still must attend! U23 players to come
We know how to part.
Whats the new name for? Didn't that used to be your sn?
. You are too nice to me! xoxo
haha you must be like "wtf is he talking about?" an awful lot then! 😝
This is bigger than Starbucks! Call Right Now 916 233 3990 Code: 66367# Then contact me after the call.
his smile <3 & then when you make eye contact oh lord
No algebra final for me :)
PUT YOUR PHONE AWAY KATIE
What if I had friends...LOL
Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain but it takes character and self control to be understanding and forgiving.
I am sorry for any problems you may be experiencing, we have networking connection issues, we will update as soon as info is available. ^CS
Again, it might have been changed in the Random House pb release. That's something an editor should have done, at least...
Schamp: This problem is not specifically this board's fault.
2 extra days of Christmas break
Be Tight and Follow me!(: #YounggMoney<3
A little jet lag mixed with being up 36 hours, then being hung over... I think I just slept for 14 hours
Progress, like pimpin, ain't easy.
The assembly has been informed about the florida voter suppression law.
Little Miss I GIVE Up.. is what I need!
“: #ThingsBlackFolkLove Wearing chains. This love dates back to 1500's.”
It's nice when someone compliments you on how nice you've been to them...this day looks far better than yesterday :)
root for bubba then.. Phil is the milka of golf
Rise and grind! Only a few hours until the weekend...let's get it!
o the things i say while improv-lecturing..like today i managed to use the phrase "get it while it's hot" within a mismanaged turnip analogy
I probably don't send about 70% of my tweets that I start to write. How this one made it through I'll never know
great to meet you, as well!
Another day another bout
let's not worry about what they ain't doing for you... worry about what you ain't doing for yourself.
The Twitter is an interesting specimen
k come and get it
I think ill make sure your name isn't on this paper tomorrow when I turn it in.
he plays captain America and he is a gorgeous man haha! But either way it really was stinking amazing! I recommend it
#Google+ anyone? Let's be circle buddies!
Hey Jason. No problem. Just getting over this weird sore throat/jaw bug. Hope you're doing better! haha
No. He is asleep 😔
Let's just be clear ... No matter if marijuana was found in #TRAYVON Martin's system - Zimmerman still SHOT him in COLD BLOOD! End if story!
Great article!!
just handed 8 ref trax for some writing stuff in d-town...for something in chi...town....when i get more ill give it to you.....
Trust is like an eraser, it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
I still have the same excitement for concerts as I did for my first one
#10ThingsIFindAttractive When girls don't care about looks.
There are some characters at the dps lol
Gotta start somewhere!
Pumpkin Ale already?
So you're a pretty big deal, haha, everyone is so excited about you communicating with your fans(-: Thank you!
Due to your great taste in t.v. shows, you shall be followed, lol. :)
Answers and solutions are coming at heinz field as we adjust the lens and vision.
Lol can't wait to see get Punk'd :)
S/o to the ladies who think like man and act like a lady. Please don't retweet this if you should be retweeting my last tweet.
Listen to the call regarding SBC and real live testimonies. ***Wednesday March 28 @ 10PM EST Live with Top Gold Leader Brian Hill Dial...
My Pandora station just played Led Zeppelin then Nirvana back to back. This music genome thing is scary good!
Don't do it if you can't keep it up.
Your last recourse against the unknown is how you act. If you can’t control outcomes, you can control the elegance of your behaviour. -Taleb
Fred's Bar tomorrow night takes over it's Ladies Night...you all should come!! It's gonna be a great show! Live Band!
$400 to Boston is INSANE
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this! Thank you for the reminder as I get everything set up for my business! love the #PIOP philosophy
Found amazing bridesmaid gifts for great prices! Customized clutches & jewelry for my girls
then let's make it happen.
♫ pop it on the ground...make me roll on it ♫
yes! hahahah. i think he lives like 7 or 8 hours away from me now.
: I know how you feel being short isn't always easy.
I Am What I Am a #Rusher Get used to it!
Learning about social media and politics in Germany.
Maintenance done! don't forget to patch! or you will have problems connecting.
Confession15:i love a girl that can keep me laughing && i can be myself around
Alternatives to oil will create new jobs; protect our economic interests, help the Env and improve mil ops capability
so if you verified twitter gives you checks cuz you said checks not a check
#first40songsonshuffle don't speak- , turn right- , when you look me in the eyes- (16-18)
Well it's #SportingKC gameday...that means I'm back to doing my gameday rituals
o tough one but i choose chillin with Austin shirtless.....yum
Basketball tickets for next Saturday's game sold out in about an hour! So crazy. Loving this school spirit
Ha! Better your head than your heart
in Austin we're up in the middle of the night watching a storm; in Tahrir Square 1 year anniversary #jan25 may the storms pass peacefully
Sorry can't take a picture of my awesome Easter meal, because it's in me belly!
please follow me <3 I love yoou
thanks man. Just to let you know that's not one of our products.
They want that mama love! xD
what do u think about what's going on in Oakland?
american pie, tball, bluehole, softball, lookout, and baking cookies.
Woke up at 7am on Saturday for work. Going to sleep at 7:30am Sunday. Cinco de Mayo: 1 Pat: 0
Why is it so hard for me to focus enough to study?
Exploring TriBeCa this eve. Any suggestions of places to check out?
Last class of the day then I have to spend my night at Thornton...hate study hours.
great run today in the 38 car
confusion b/w public page and profile page. cant i have both???
#uicdae audio descriptions: be the eyes not the brain, don't describe too much, don't interfere with native audio & speak clearly
I need to tan asap! I look all white!
time for back to school shopping
Bruh, LOOK AT THIS THREAD LMAOOOOOOO ... shit will not end well!!!
So I'm way to back to Miami form Orlando and I think I just passed tour bus... it said JET SET on the side, am I wrong?
punk'd ?
just twitter & google+ for me now, deactivated my facebook account again and plan to probably keep it that way for awhile..
Congrats to Jered Weaver for capping off a great sports night with a no hitter!!!
I'm so over the madness. How dare you Missouri?
Sometimes you need something to brighten the often dull sheen of life. This thing is called alcohol.
looking at your post what classes are you teaching
I am going to root for Rangers and Mike Adams in the playoffs
Do I need to have the box for something to #return it at #Walmart ??? Inquiring minds need to know
what'd she say?
Elk Bratwurst today! Try my new Blueberry, Chipotle n Garlic ketchup, and Red Onion, and Garlic Aioli
GO ED!!! SUPPORT G SHARP (KING OF OKLAHOMA), OKLAHOMA'S GREATEST URBAN ARTIST!!
I have a master's degree and need a job ASAP.
The day is good, and the sun hits the store just right... Setting displays is like creating art.
“: My assistant is the best! Intelligent, creative & hard working...perfect fit for ”
#devilsadvocate from the journalist/museum consumer perspective :)
We have seen these situations in the past, and it did not work out well for the student athlete. I hope it works out for Bazz.
White meat or dark meat? ... What's dark meat? ... Oh Jess, how I love you!
LOL! Only you. RT : Why do cereals have such sexually suggestive names? Frosties..Honey Smacks..Crunchy Nut..Coco Puffs...?
I got u. Maine u got all tht money and u want 10 dollar. But I got u wen I cum in.
"Do no harm where you can do no good." - ÆSOP
Here we are all alone in this room.
3 more #followers till 1500 help me out #retweet n #follow me
Tensnake, Aeroplane, Holy Ghost!, Grum, Wolfram, In Flagranti, Hercules And Love Affair. Any DJs in Denver spin these guys?
I'm laying in bed sick as shit watching. So fuck you.
#20factsaboutme 12. I enjoy ridiculous things, like the foreign channels on tv, and killing Isaiah on the xbox360.
Magic Johnsons blood is the cure for aids
follow back :D
Happy Thanksgiving girls! <3
no not tonight
Dad: "You should be ashamed, when Abe Lincoln was your age he chopped wood for a living." Lazy Son: "When he was your age he was President."
That's ok! Tune in on Fox to watch ! Thanks for your support!
dont you be holding back your love.
ABA community- Who has a creative examples of a stimulus change decrement!
Awwwready RT : & <--- dem my Dj's go follow asap
Not wanting to go to biology with -__- shoulda gotten to school a little later like I normally would lol
It was so fun meeting you guys last night! Hope we get to see you again soon.
The #Nuggets are really killing the #Lakers lol!!! Ty Lawson getting it done!!
White Mississippi boys with saggin' gangsta draws...???
hope to have bacon cinnamon roles! And lots of them!
Pot may not be healthy for the heart, but it surely is for the soul
My doctorate is in management science. That's why I remind folks that I'm just a grunt, not a #PTSD clinician. :-)
your so amazing and so very pretty I hope I get to meet u again on march14 for my birthday:-)
I don't care who says what about you, I think you're perfect in every way
I love you
I can't DM you because you don't follow me, but I'd like to know more about your Mo Party.
i think i might have just found a new way to watch my shows without actually watching t.v. hulu. am i late to this or what?
as are you diva
my weekly pregnancy checklist is telling me to eat healthier to help me skin..... does sweet potatoes with oranges count as healthy???? :)
Finally!!! I've been missing Donna's sass so much. And of course Tom
Most amazing Mother's Day! I'm so blessed with the greatest friends & family. Hope everyone had a great day too!
Nice book
Hilary Is What Dreams Are Made ♥ I loved her when I was younger(: her music,movies,and tv shows was all I watched/listened to(:
Amen! We need some variety over there! Can't wait to see Melissa McCarthy too.
My three year old holding my old Blackberry: "MOM, pwease I'm twying to TWEET!!!"
Loves watching the murder the
Neat! Thanks for the link.
She only took ONE hour 2 respond, in current dating time, that's most excellente! SKOL! Have fun out there watchin Rocky now!
ESPN: "So, how will Coples affect Tim Tebow this season??"
Composer & bass clarinetist Michael Lowenstern playing on tonight at the Windup Space. 8 PM. Should be awesome.
Big thanks as always :)
We share this concern on the strategy team. Also balancing that with a desire to keep the conversation going
RT : "Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power." ~Abraham...
Other times they are BS.
absolutely NO #datingAdviceCorner. it's the worst part of the show.
Then Your Missing Out!! :P
You should always wear something brand new on your birthday.
oh does dudes wanna run 3 on 3 nad there home court
MT Someone chalked my stairs cheering for MSU! Is this high school?! Come 2Lou's City Bar to watch Badgers win with !
So jealous! I thought it was a one-meeting day but I turned my back for just a second and now there are 4!
Imma make you my bitch
Smithsonian Natural History Museum has a great exhibit on the social construction of race.
So excited to do UNSEEN GUEST launch event at on the book's pub day. Tues, March 27th at 4 PM, Montclair NJ. Save the date!
I missed my 10k tweet but fuck it
Good job on the call of the Badger game today despite the loss.
Keep following #GiveGlobal12 to stay up to date w/ The Conference today :) Lot's of talk about how to engage the
I don't really care if I talk a lot sometimes, it's just sometimes. I need to listen too
God why is always drinking starbucks or bobba?
If my neighbors dont tone it down a little bit, I am going to have to change my WiFi network name to "I can hear you having sex".
of coarse he cant.. I knew this would happen.
tickets still available but hoping it will sell out.
getting bored because you like them that much. ♥
will you talk more about that tonight & explain what the next steps are?
i wish things never went wrong
Where have you been all my life
I hate when people say "your guys-es".
Gov 's unwillingness to extend Strickland's ban on exotic animals rivals his other dumbest decision:
I grew my beard out for Kesha and all I got was this rash
keep hitting the gym hard bud. No one but you can limit your willingness to work hard.
super nice feeling! thanks for to be next to my career!
If there are trucks serving in East County, we'd include them!
Are you guys ready for our new tracks?
So thankful for the people who say, "I'll be praying for u" and actually pray for me.
ALL BRADOCK BITCHES IS DIRTY AND BUSTED #804 HOES
It ain't cheating if he's only eating right?
Miss being with all my friends at #sandbox - thanks to all for the tweets, and for the forthcoming video!
via - New iPad Tastes About The Same, Nation's Toddlers Report
👲 vs 👑 Linsanity vs king James Tonight
The night heralds the dawn. Let us look expectantly to a new day, new joys, new possibilities, in Christ's name we pray. Amen (NZBP)
I wonder sometimes.....
Ancestry will release groups of states at a time for #1940census and make announcements - year long marketing program
I'm about that #ThugLife, straight blasting niggas -__-
We hope your day is more cyber than Monday! Also, remember that Banzai delivers directly to your door!
Who was the first to see a cow and think "I wonder what will happen if I squeeze these dangly things and drink whatever comes out?"
Stanford professors propose &#39;lecture-less&#39; medical school classes
If anyone opened the link from my tweet change your password now. Sorry. I got a virus when I opened it from someone who sent me the same
haha ok i will go back after work and buy one of each flavor and we will have a cardboard-cream cookie party!
Hi Joanne, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
For Engineering and Architecture types we also have Wacom Bamboo input tablets
Mikey, please follow me! :/
R.I.P. Levon Helm... I'll be watching "The Last Waltz" tonight in your memory.
Dam it was sore yesterday but now I'm good tomorrow again after school
Happy to see and and are each having #EarthHour events! Who else in Denver?
Hey! I'm actually part of a Ketchum company in Rockville.
Seeking entrepeneurial spirited individuals to help us bring health insurance to Indian Country -
Super-impressed by amazing students who found amazing meanings in Barthes & Anzaldua today. On to Haraway!
That was how you went undefeated with SF in Tecmo Super Bowl back in the day.
When I repent I realize that the thing that had me last year will not have me this year.
#Nats phenom Stephen Strasburg to make 2nd rehab start tomorrow, @ Pfitzner stadium in Potomac. Tix already sold out
Mom bought me Treseme 'Dry Shampoo' the other day. Turns out, that sh*t really works!
After months of scandal, as many as 300 people are expected to attend tonight's meeting in #SunlandPark to select and appoint a new mayor.
Man, this weather can suck it!
IT SHOULD BE ILLEGAL FOR UNMARRIED WOMEN NOT TO BE ON BIRTH CONTROL...
No Dolan. Aren't you in there because you killed Pluto?
Nature holds the beautiful, is up to the artist who has the insight to erect it.
yeah!! Cool and plz check your inbox
i played high school football with him, term about sums him up along with a**hole!
Does any Political Journalists/Bloggers or News Junkies want to chat about the Latest Stories Online?
I really feel like a dumbass f*** with her
TGIF! Get happy! Today's special is Chicken Salad Sandwiches!
I just made the best Spanish rice EVER!!!
Get outta town buddy. Rookies dont win cups RT : What a game by Holtby, 44 saves - GO CAPS
enjoying the luxury of a clean house, thanks to Christina
Just saw a bar of Irish Spring in the soapdish in the shower. It's all I have left of him.
RT: Lil rock said he got business in Waukegan to handle let me find out<--- U FOUND OUT WEN HE TOLD U LOL
Woman just spontaneously burst into song on the subway, and even brought her own microphone.
Thankfully men's fashion styles don't change as often as women's, but there are details one must still pay attention to.
Got the apartment! So excited to move in with !
This just bad basketball to start this game! Bad shots! Bad turnovers! & all of the above! WTF!
Just did my Math homework... I DID IT! I'M A FREAKING GENIUS!
lol ' okay babe
google it! ;)
and to think i almost trusted you.
Fun day at the mountain. I'm feeling like my snowboard legs are back.
I love you! Thanks for being with me today:)
Shout out to my angel she's the true meaning of motivation
I'm volunteering!! See you there!
haha I'm coming to ny for game 7, going?
Yeah I saw that stat and realized I've not watched one Pacers game this year lol
pork roast is in the slow cooker... already smells amazing
I don't like that it is misleading in calling him gay. The right will use it to crucify him in order to raise funds
such a what? An ass or dick? Why because I noticed a bad situation and left it alone before it could become bad?
Our future prosperity depends on the quality of our collective imaginations.
FOR TIPS ON HOW TO CLEAN YOUR TILE & GROUT FOLLOW US ON FACEBOOK NOW!!
State of wine Industry. Lack of grapes in CA, higher prices inevitable, Consumer will, drink globally 4 value. which country will win?
phone died brah..
SAVE THE DATE! Next reading is Sunday, February 12, 2012. See you then!
The start of another semi-pro football season....and for the first time in 5 years I won't be covering a game. I think I'll get over it.
nm. Bored. What's up with you?
- need a Job ? You believe in yourself ? Go here : www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
"Grown over Hoes"-The Motto
Wonderful weather for scouting! ;)
Heyy! #followfollowfollow i will follow back
Fridays here!!! *in snooki voice*
Catch David Way, Reign Supreme, Vitamin D, Wizdum, Blunt Crew, Prince God, n Manny Duke at Beer Co 2nite! $3 shots! Ugly Sweater Contest!
ontinue to be the bane of our new tech world! I too know prior art was GC at Dataquick for almost 20 yrs but no one asked.
Yes, I was, and great to see you there, too! Were you taking notes? You go, girl.
Don't forget to get your tickets to the NM Bowl! www.newmexicobowl.com
Extra innings in Japan! Already pulled the all-nighter... why not keep it going? #mariners #a's
Short, consistent writing sessions can give you small mastery experiences that lead to accomplishment of those big, scary goals.
WHAT?! I didn't know that. It's almost like is finally a REAL boy!!
Tried leaving a comment on yr blog, don't know if it worked. Suggest mentioning TinEye (reverse img search) in Ebay feedback.
Mac-n-cheese + deep fryer = delicious. #chipshop on Atlantic Avenue in Brooklyn.
His son...": Is the Packers' Clay Matthews any relation to the Browns' Clay Matthews of yore? If so, I'm feeling old"
i am i am !! thaankss for visiting me today (:
are you in Mississippi yet?
are you picking the winners for the #lumia #900 tomorrow?
omg i am in love with . she is so sexxxxyyy.
Lol ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
We are looking forward to your application! :)
hell yea
Tryn ta be a better person watchin this world forever worsen
UPS guy just told me his entire truck is filled with the same package and he doesn't understand why
Get the most money for your #books after your finals! Sell them to BookHolders! Open until 10pm during finals week.
Hello I just launched me website check it out please give me some feed back Thanks www.kidshardwarekompany.com
What's goin on kid?
What to get for her or do ? O.o
Texas multiple mamas? If they wanted a hit show all they needed was this NJ twin mama ...
Every time I remember that John Krazinski is married I get do sad
Verb got bodied?
When youre lost and youre tired, when youre broken in two. let my love take you higher, cause i still #TurnToYou <3
I LOVE YOU BUT I'M IN LOVE WITH YOU.
"Jumping crocodiles Charlie!"
Killed my first mosquito.
Senate apparently is worn out and going home without a vote on Mike Green's nomination, among others. Read more at democratandchronicle.com.
Tbqh I've never once had a martini tho..
Chuck Harmon is talking about meeting Babe Ruth
My phone dry af nd sum new
donald is on the packers though!! he needs to win!!
Good saturday to work on Betascape - looking forward to releasing the schedule.
#LGBT people in southern states are more likely than northern counterparts to be raising kids. Marriage inequality hurts these families.
#writing at my favorite remote office-Panera. Blueberry bagel w/cream cheese, fresh squeezed o.j. & honey ginseng tea. Ready for brilliance!
FOLLOW FOR ME ♥
Have you read the book?
Check out #sharktank -- season 3 premieres tonight right now!
YES SIR
you're so lucky! I was supposed to go sometime in August but the dates didn't work out for me :(
is giving the "starting a community laboratory 101" overview
do you recommend anyone specific for metal engraving? I want to do my shovel rockerboxes. Thanks bro
We are open at 11:30 this morning! Come say hi to Lora and get 30 to 50 percent off clothing!
awww...I love the bats! Enjoy!
Yeah, but ya gotta start a tag somewhere!
OH MY GOD I KNOW RIGHT
It may be snowing at but things are heating up at the conference! General session starts in 15 minutes!
Thank YOU! lol, I don't even know what that is!! Spotify- trying to generalize me!!! (smh) ;)
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.
How old are you? I have a Teen division that is 14 to 17 years.
Gym time 
thanks for the mention on appadvice today! downloads are blowing up.
It's way to early to have already run, lifted, and been to the trainer.
Look at the home, some bands have already been announced
Had the opportunity to work with Erica from Mary Mary on Sunday. She's a sweetheart.
21-year old Charles Lake charged with murder of 64-year old man in Pearl District apartment appeared in court by video. No bail.
did you reach out to the folks at the Sun-Sentinel. Out of my zip code...all the best with the event...
lists as a CHUMP RT Gerard talks about how daughter would be harmed by altmire's position against HCR law
LMFAO. I see why she was embarrassed. RT : her face isnt THAT bad, but she's pretty big.
will do((:
i like the cover of youre so vain
Stupid driving tests.
#JRSmith... You next!!
Commission is back in session and is giving direction to line drawers.
Well, had Romney gone to Vietnam instead of France, I could see him meeting the same end that Niedermeyer did.
Loved seeing a shocked Madonna. Shocked because they didn't allow her to talk longer.
oh English people and their psychoactive drugs and mass copulation!
I find it fascinating that a lot of folks organize their holidays with greater care than they do their lives.
No doubt boss.. we gotta collab on a track
Definitely! Join the movement. RT I wish high school basketball had a shot clock.
Giving myself the day off today. Pretty stoked to just chill. Gotta get out of the house before I start mixing.
Awesome! Losing my voice
I love being talked about. I'm the center of every ones attention. I FEEL SO FAMOUS! :)
Watchn television show 1000 ways to die
last I saw 3 radio stations have dropped Rush. Anymore today?
#ThatMomentWhen the teacher gets mad and makes everybody work silently
That was an easy 2
Walking and talking with from about utilizing twitter as non-profit execs.
Is there anyone else who is in love with One Direction???
i cant see that you meannny >:(
my mom is a librarian. #solidarity. in unrelated news, i'm visiting SF in a month.
Lol! I know I'm mad late
Thank you for the mention, Charlotte. Much obliged.
We want to meet you on our other social sites! goo.gl/7unUD
yeah... You're a LITTLE SLOW !
Book rec for the over-connected: Hamlet's BlackBerry. (Just don't read it on your iPad, as that might defeat the purpose.)
Thanks, Jenny! It was a lot of fun :-)
Flipped on my radio and Phil Schaap is playing all Lester "Prez" Young for President's Day on 89.9 FM? Hail!
"i don't care anymore this is my rife!"
Feeling like nobody love!!😞
Oh wow!
Watching coach carter !
I can't message ppl who aren't following me. But pry so.
great, thanks!!
Welcome New Mexico High School Basketball Teams! Good Luck at State! NMAA Events
#MyBiggestProblem trusting people to fast.
Listen, you're singing to the choir here. Let's hold hands and sing Kum-bay-a.
Ok, catching the last 9 laps of the #NASCAR race.
MT : Marshall Simmonds: If we don’t consider our audience (when writing),"the rest of the world won’t know we exist."
2mi @ 8:15/mi. this morning. Slowly inching closer to an 8 minute pace.
and very windy out too.
congrats... They might come.
summer nights are the best
my friend this #Boyfriend is sexy :D i agree <3
Privacy… Do you really have privacy? Information is being collected everyday, where does it go?
al brown 14 south rowan 0
I hate, when people, put comas in the wrong, places. ^
By any chance do you remember Lee Broshears? He was a great friend of mine and lived in Half Moon Bay.
Ahimsa is a feeling of non-injury. If you consciously inflict hurt on anybody, that is not being wise.
If you haven't heard that new grab your significant other and blast this at the highest level
Fact: A typical community forest of 10,000 trees will retain approximately 10 million gallons of rainwater per year
The Show Goes On!. <3
Missed and #twitterlessmike this weekend :(
": of course you did."< lol!! Thanks Kelly!
lol okay Ed
congrats on the toon victory today
Do what makes you happy <3 nevergivein. Dont take shit from any1. It's your life! Dont let any1 get in the way of u doing wat makes u happy.
Trying to take me 2 court 4 the same damn crime shit get dismissed every got damn time in my !!!😜
Yes, I believe we do have a ToC, DM your email and we're happy to send more info!
ah so bad......u cant experiment with black
Oh, and today I got everything set up through the school so I officially graduate a year early. #thatsaplus.👏
Here are a lot of days that I consider not drinking... Right up until the first beer I order.
Welcome to my life RT apt in 10 min span: roomies harmonizing "Sound of Music" then watching video of a dog raising baby squirrels
Five Iron Frenzy is back kids,.
Yeah cuz if your good 2 that person and they still need 2 fuck around then they deserve the Karma that comes with it
I wonder if will name her daughter with a "K"?
Michael Dove Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Making farm management flash cards for a friend just because
Hello Canada! 60 miles to Vancouver.
Awesome debate about pro team logos today
It’s National Peanut Month! We are proud to use peanut oil for the delicious chicken that you enjoy everyday.
I love you too Abby! Thanks! We neeeeddd to hangout soon!!!
Monsanto is NO friend to farmers.
..not for rulers to crave beer, lest they drink & forget what has been decreed, & deprive all the oppressed of their rights. Proverbs 31:4-5
I hate the smell of DOG!
Remember "Early in the Morning" by the Gap Band? Oh my, I am dating myself but I am jamming. LOL!
Statement was issued before the Retraction ep aired, so that's possible. But college Pres Usher seems to have staked ground.
Be sure and wear your sneakers.
Wanna Get Drunk With Ed HELL YEAH. THAT'S OUR JAM
Oh welk who gives a damn anymore
Do you know what was delightful #reading? CRUSH: THE THEORY, PRACTICE &DESTRUCTIVE PROPERTIES OF LOVE by Gary Paulsen. Cover is 2 young, tho
I'm in the worst situation in my life Ive ever been in.
any thing for you
I dont see why not RT : if I go can I come in uniform?
#Morning! *Everyone! *║*║* Hope you enjoy an #Inspired/ #Creative Day! *║*║* Stay safe!~xox
Lmfao RT : Who want some weed brownies ? Preserve your lungs niggets !
<<<EVERYONE GO FOLLOW
You may see me in the 512 sooner than u think. Hope your travels were smooth.
awhh... ! I like you ! & I will Promise ! & youu betta think about me to niqqa !
I gave you a courtesy upvote.
Great review. Saw someone on the train reading it. Looked over her shoulder and read 1 line: "'Turn around,' he orders."
Lord forgive I'm wrong!
Skinless snacks vs. skinless costumes. Which creates less moral turpitude in the office?
Town Car safety features include dual front and side airbags as well as electronic traction control
GWHAT QOTD: Could you roughly draw the Continental Divide on a map without mountains? What info *would* you need?
hey marv ill be there for thanksgiving im going to try to link up with everyone:-)
Thursday of next week, I'll be on my way to Virginia Beach at this time. I love seeing my mom at the beach. She is always the happiest there
Unknown i think. never heard of it though.
This Rodney closer is no joke.
How much time do you spend commuting?
is contemplating how much I dislike the Twitter fad (oh the irony). Don't get me wrong it has its uses, but 95% of the time its misused.
Please dont try to tell me your the same person, because your not anymore.
Yeah, of course I like Viva la Vida I'm not the biggest coldplay fan but every now & then they make a really addicting song !*)
People I don't know following me. They're have connections to R. Hedley. Did he send them? Do they have flyonwall technology?
My boyfriend was on his way home from work one night and was pulled over for speeding. When the officer asked what the rush was, my boyfr...
Obsessions or the Compound is where I'll be Saturday night !
Ah nostalgia isn't what it used to be...
Edits can be tough!
NYC in all it's glory tonight. This might be the last chilly weekend of the winter.
lmao wait can u call me tonight or nah ?
#QuitActing like you're gonna do something, threatening me via internet isn't scaring me what make you think i believe ur bs!
Thanks for the follow. I'm watching the snow fall tonight at my parents' home in Minnesota. Back in LA this Sunday.
I'm a busy woman, Morgan.....
my brain is just split.
RT : Yes. Chocolate's not too bad.
Won my first round match of the WPT 1k HU and have a bye in round 2!
i'm turning in early for me good night world
Costa Cruises sails to the most exciting, deisrable places in the world-more than any cruise line! Where do u want to go? Call 800-803-7245!
How's Toronto?
I don't even know what just happened.
BREAKING: The Cutting Edge is streaming on Netflix. Great date movie without leaving the house.
Call your momma
interesting documentary about for-profit colleges- Frontline: College, Inc.
When is god going to tell white people to suck it!?
What could you do if you had absolutely no fear of failure?
DAMN TOM!i thought a creeper had my number!lol
Crab cakes Benedict + Seafood Crepes + Stuffed French Toast + Bloody Mary Bar = Best #SundayBrunch in #Dallas!
I just made a beat.... That I think might sound better backwards...
Home SWEET home :D
m soylent beans
we ain't scared of the heels. Jb never loses to Roy Williams
they're beatable kilbourne went up 6-0 and from there it got ugly ended up 42-21
u have to find a way to top the Zepplin song, try Bad Co. Feel like making love in practice & others. U have soul girl. Sing!
Horrible start to 2011 campaign
Brainstorming ideas for business/technology partners for a new math/science grant... Any suggestions/connections?
haha indeed! If I wasn't working me and prob would be too!!!!
Do they let you take bags into Citi Field?
Heading to Post45 Conference in Cleveland/RockHallofFame this afternoon, crazy weather permitting.
Just bout' to lay down, listen to music & murder these crackers Lbs!
We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine but if we defer tasting them too long, we shall find that
A great way to find other like minded twitter people to follow is to go to and review their followers/ing
days like these #motivate me. to push so damn hard to reach my goals. if I gotta work sick I'll be makin a living doing what I <3!! $hitt ;)
😒 so lazy
Follow us tomorrow for live posts as the #Celtics head to the Windy City to take on the #Bulls for our Game of the Night.
View from the Top
haha... It's a very thin pancake. Basically a crepe. Those are lingonberries on top. Good stuff. Try it!
9-11. Many meanings in a day. Thank you for remembering Gandhi, #peace #9-11 #September 11
So do I. When u think of it, LMK. How 'bout a dog day afternoon soon? Our own version of Happy Hour on 4 legs!
long & straight, with a splash of precision!
How do we do this and what qualifies us? I have a fb page for my J-work!
so then you're not really sick of it! You're just nice!
my allergies are fucking killing me.
I know! Both of them, just, gahh.<3
Was going to work on audio book this AM, but surrounded by the sound of lawnmowers on all sides. Must be Yard Maintenance Monday.
great news! MTM
A friendly reminder: Registration is required for Faith Ringgold’s artist lecture on Thurs., March 22, 6:30. There’s still time to...
Now Piero Attanasio from ARROW (Euro Rights infrastructure). Rights information needed to manage digital data
Hi Karen! No travel partner needed! ;) There will be many traveling alone that we can pair together! Come see Israel!
what was it about? (the promo)
Just walked by a loudspeaker announcing "This is Atlas Mission Control T- 15 minutes and 30 seconds." !!!!!
Steak Night=good. Steak Night, buzzed=Great.
what could be done? nothing.
I cuss a lot... its a hard habit to break.
The Avengers was so kickass !
I need you
was cutting tracks for five hours today that's what's up
y'all cutting another one?
what the what? Was it a robot stick meter?
got some music for you... Bout to hit your email in a few
got some hard ass punchlines
I love you baby. I'm ALWAYS here.
Beautiful day today! Too bad yesterday was not, AT ALL. Which of your favorite Louisville restaurants did you treat mom to for Mother's Day?
Are you trying to buy tickets or reserve a specific table?
yesssy. Can you teach me your wise ways?
The Google zipper is
Sorry, doesn't look like we have those in stock right now.
Spent my Saturday night doing 3 essays  but at least I finished!
haha, you too? I've went through three of these things. They suck. IPhone, maybe?
I'm going home tomorrow, to see my grandma and everyone else in my family. :)
Worst day I've had in a while.
Thank you so much Daniella! I feel so happy right now! will tweet you someday! You're very legendary! :)
Love the feeling after a workout !
Sup Bruh it Trac hit me. Let's get it in
I wish there was a Beyond the Glory special for my trip to the grocery store or zoo
Haha. Yes you can.
Gambian tyrant, Yahya Jammeh won a flawed election on Onvember 24th. The opposition rejected the vote.
I (we) know your political affiliations but have you heard..." blah blah.. Welcome to the world of door-to-door politics. U don't know jack!
Good morning America doing a salute to the 80s next week! Remember those tube sock up to the knees :)?
Thanks! Happy New Year!
in Florida or Paris?
Hey Guys haven't been tweeting in a while (long story) Hope all is well in Tweetville and you are going to see bunch of tweets...
Happy St. Patricks Day! How you going to spend it? Me I will be at Whip Lounge on Mill Ave in Tempe. 7p-2a. DJ ES, DJ J.ALAN. Hope 2 c u !
I'll concede that #twospaces is wrong, but you just try breaking me of habit of using them.
What's with the highs in the 60s this week!?! Spring is such a tease!
what time do u start performing love?
I can give a fuck about folks that aren't close.. Shiitttt.. I'm straight without yall
Why, yes, I WILL watch season 1 episode 1 of The X-Files.
we get worked up over what we consider our craft, our lively hoods and business integrity.
... there's something else
I'm ambivalent about most of the recent Google design changes, but the new version of Analytics is really frustrating.
#Dark chocolate:packed with #antioxidants & lowers #blood pressure! Find chocolate w/60% or higher cocoa ;the darker, the lower fat & sugar.
Did you know we are renovating our Emergency Department? Even better, our door-to-doc time is <20 mins. Short wait times!
and have some good points in relations to Q3
Invading someone's privacy is going a step too far. Privacy is what keeps people sane. They'll make it public when they're ready...
I haven't been to B&BW's in ages! I so miss it. <3 True love.
Bill I hope this is real. Please give more details.
you too!! Feel better!
me to. Which team do you have? I'm working with industrial recycling
The grabbing hands, grab all they can...
I no your countin“: Countdown to #sharktank tonight !! Take a break from March Madness and turn to the Sport of Business !”
In a world of Possibilities, should we dwell in the probabilities?
didn't get any either
Hi I'm Shaylee & I Love Long Romantic Walks To My Fridge.
hey Edward! :] I love you cause of thank you. :*
Today went by really fast at school today. I'm not sure why, but it did.
I've actually downloaded two Juliet Simms tracks. No joke.
You can thank me now...
Did you know? The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf just opened & the Wi-Fi is FREE! Belly up & log on!
I tried smoking coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
Need sounds for your #app or #game ? #appdev #gamedev #sounddesign I want to help.
Nikita :) Whatcha doing? Aren't you suppose to be sleeping right now?
dang, sorry homegirl... You'll just have to come over and I'll make you some sometime!
thankyou everyone for the messages of encoragement we love our fans!
Fun gig last night. Thanks to everyone who came out!
WHATS UP MANE THIS MIXTAPE TAPE BOUT TO DROP IIM WORKING
I'm spending the morning (800) 795-5276. Call me & let's support the folks who bring the music!
Ha, he's about my height. Maybe a little taller. Can't say i knew him too well. Knew his brother (who graduated w/ me) better
OH Now I want CalTort.
Greetings Dr. Eddy. Thank you for following. Thanks as well for lending and sharing your medical expertise. Best wishes always
Wow. Chelsea grab a goal at the very end of the fist half. Barca is gonna bring it now
Thanks for your order! We don't formally charge the CC until the order is submitted to & passes compliance. Sorry for confusion!
Feel like a fatty after that carnival food, D:
Listening to records and cracking up at OkCupid is the best! Especially when it's with
We did it last night...big
then you obviously dont know me:) hehe.
Holy shit Patriots... you were my last hope...
Went to Guitar Center yesturday, I didn't want to leave, can I just live there or?
Ok we are at the penny looking for a highschool party. We miss them
I'm cold as fxck in the room
Happy Mother's Day from the 9NEWS Sports team! We've got an interesting Mother's Day feature on JaVale McGee you'll want to watch @ 10:35.
Two words: Awe. Some! RT : You know what? We're ready sooner than we even thought. Doors open tomorrow, #BloomingdaleDC!
Worship him with all your heart, all your mind and with all your strength because He is worthy!!! Have a great Sunday service all ^_^
yes you crusty twat
Nothing like waking up to a voxer from
Rachel W to the rescue - select none as datasource in BBNC scheduled emails allows you to merge multiple lists
So amazing! ^__^
Heya! You're so sweet, will pass the note to Joy :) props on your driving skills!
i couldn't find the wheat matzos on your downtown location so had to go elsewhere :(
I don't think the pothole even comes close to comparing to last night
I have. Long story. I'll tell you at break : )
Good friends w/ as well...So I am always reppin your vids too! Lol :)
Oh my god he's so damn hot! ♥
Elevation Burger in Fall's Church is a bit of a trek but worth it!
Guess Amy winehouse isn't goin to rehab ... :/ eh not surprised but it is sad!
I come to school feeling out of place
O, piddling details like being in the same geographic location! Expand your mind, Lee. :-D /
#ThingsThatAreSEXY GUYS WITH BROWN EYES <3
I want to put my sexy picture up it wont let me
FOLLOW ME♥ ily x
Thanks to instagram my future kids won't be able to tell whether I lived in 2012 or 1970
CO ED SLEEP OVERSZ!!!! xp
this #election season will be more fun to watch than the SuperBowl! What happened to the Republican Party of my birth?!
Oh, yes, you will follow. I am the droid you are looking for.
#FF my new followers if you aren't already.. Missed some:(
Hey I dm'd u not sure if u got it.. we want to put some videos of yours on our site.. which one would u like us to put on? :)
Thanks for sharing our blog post!
very cool...
yup. That's my lil daughter chick. She is my world. :)
The words I use in my stories can be found in the dictionary it's just a matter of arranging them into the right sentences.
only if hes related to Bernie, Linda, &amp; Jeanna! lol
SmartGamers are on our way to the Oregon Game Project Challenge (OGPC) in Salem, OR.
ahahaha I KNOW :D
cant wait for austin on wednesday
damn, they really fucked up your morning. Good going McDs!
Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it
Will you be there for a few minutes? Would love to say hello and show you a project I'm working on.
what does that even mean?
Thanks for joining my Diva Movement... im following back...you up for some networkin???
Geez hurry up!!!
So I found a video on my moms computer of Royce from high school singing to me :-) them days >>>>>> ;)
Gotta get fielder now
I'm just trying to keep the recliner warm today.
#SyracuseOrangemen defamation suit IS DROPPED
it IS me! Are you going to the conference?
Just ate at #sullivanssteakhouse in king of prussia PA. Naturally met a Clemson grad.
Bad weather on the horizon. Montgomery, Alabama, my current location is under a severe tornado warning.
Chick I work with is married to a woman, but she say she aint gay... So what are you then??? Lol
np. Are you posting pics anywhere?
That is gorgeous!
Thanks for the RT and your awesome presentation at #SMbootcamp4 today!
I'm on that one
"There it is your moment of zen" Stewart “: do u 2 work in city hall or @ a Zen Buddhist retreat?”
I wanna suck you AND your dad.
Very good to hear librarians speaking up at #THATCamp AHA
Weekend was really good. Had a good day, also. Actually excited for bed.
And when age or disease or grievous injury have altered that landscape, there'll only be that individual spirit flashing out at you.
Such a productive day. Videos soon. Ep soon too..
God it feels so damn good to be home!
Great news. Go Bucky. Heisman favorite!
Who says you can't work out AND have Halloween treats? We've got a bowl of goodies on our counter....yes we do! Waiting for you.
The amount of bullshit I've put up with today is unreal.
I think it should be a law that everyone has to have a cat, even if you are allergic to them! They're just so darn cute!🐱❤
yeah you gotta be fresh and get passed by two other tours
Pure Leaf Iced Tea(TM) Launches &quot;For the Love of Leaves&quot; Campaign And Partners ... - MarketWatch (press release)
“: If he won't play with your hair #getridofhim”
Worst feeling=realizing you have to enter
I pose #shoppingconundrum question to & Top dress contender just went on sale at Bloomies. Have appt at Neiman.
LACMA uses FB and other social media for Corridos. Love spanish songs as a call to action.
aw! when do you leave for the cruise?!?!
creating art for Artie Gras every Thursday nite at Quaker Steak & Lube in downtown Sharon this summer and Hermitage Arts Fest next weekend!
Full metal apron baking day
lmmfao i don"t say nothing but uplifting quotes
FYSB is now 1ST & VINE. updates going on all of today :) pretty excited for this.
through the darkness and good times i knew I'd make it through
Great session with Worked on a r&b & hip hop joint. Loved being back in the lab cooking again with the 'maestro of mayhem'!
i was terrified, and thought i was going to throw up, but it was awesome!
After a 11 day break I'm back on twitter. Based on my tweetdeck scroll I've missed a lot.
Me too. And I have the tour t-shirt to prove it.
Oh baby thanks so much!! XOXO
On my way to Katy :)
I need to get on that. Keep hearing it's great. Now that californication done I should fux with community.
4000+ new tweets related to #wikileaks in the past minute and it isn't a trending topic? Yeah, Twitter is definitely interfering. =O!
thanks for the retweets!
If this warning blow horn go off again .. I'm going on the roof of my job
powerful personal story + artful storyteller = total enrapturement with Ramona Pierson at
new album "E.P.C. (Euros, P**sy & Champagne)" ... 90% done... best album ever by a European rapper... I promise you that... coming soon...
": "Each difficult moment has the potential to open my eyes and open my heart." --Myla Kabat-Zinn" So true!
Wake up in the morning feeling like Ke$ha...
Small groups are now discussing policy issues around mobile devices, 3rd party apps that hold sensitive data, and social media NASPATech28 #
You can always spot the pretenders siting on top of the VIP booths.
Have books for PHP versions 4 and 6. Naturally, the version on our server is 5.
jagger bombs:)? Nice! Happy birthday weekend!!!!
great!! Let me kno if/when it will b played :) thanks in advance
to my vegan friends today we have pumpkin loafs and carrot with avacado cupcakes come in and enjoy
Where there's a will... I want to be in it.
What a treat to get to hear from some wonderful #NM authors at the NM Press Women 2012 Zia Awards!
Seahawks new jersey
Laundry day 
didn't we decide to kill him?
Hospital food aint too bad....
It's raining cats and dogs in #Fallbrook tonight. A good night to stay in and crack a nice bottle of #Randydunn Cabernet.
We are off to serve lunch with Colorado business #leaders at Lawrence St. Shelter!
It's 8pm! Where are you??
Bully, Graveyard opens at 5.
Marmite on Toast
I think that timeline is going to be the downfall of facebook....i thought id get used to it....but it literally gives me anxiety
“: how about we getaway? ;)” count me in!
“: love "A Modest Proposal" <3” #thankyou!!!
oh, well i just go it like 3 days ago and b4 that i was fine with all the dairy products
One of the best golf shots i have ever seen! “: Double Eagle Louis!!!! #Masters”
I will agree with u there!
Nerd parties: When the Guy to Girl ratio is Guy to Guy
You Have To Get The New Album Armed N Dangerous Today, Its Awesome!!!!
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
Yes, but shellfish are. I think it's in Leviticus. Which is generally no fun.
Giants timeout. Getting closer to the goal line
About to go work out w/ my lil bros and sis
Just saw bill Cosby in home depot
Of course!! RT“: Thanks for the follow #TEAMFOLLOWBACK”
Is MISS BALA considered a 2012 release in th U.S. now?
Just because it was 60 degrees today doesn't mean it's socially acceptable for girls to wear short shorts in public.
Can't stop spinning the new record. Really looking forward to his Live Lunch appearance in our studios May 25!
I'd love that :)
Ima see what I can do, give me a call sometime tonight
I'm into it.
S/O to my partners and holding down the O for years! Powerhouseorlando.com and Kheep.com check dem boys
yes NYC is pretty cool. My big brother and his girlfriend work there he is a financial analyst and she works for J-Crew's
Fall Thur Bro N I'm on the Grill
Who me?! Going to be a great week and wine fest! ": is one of #colwineweek 's biggest rock stars."
thanks for the plug!
Hey! Thank you. Were you at the #WOMMA conference in Las Vegas recently? Also love , sparkling water and adventures. :)
Rip Dick Clark, New Years Rockin Eve wont be same without you!
Can't wait to show you! :)
why'd you say Sam?
I need to get hi ass hell n watch me sum movies whn I get off !
I'm not yelling. I don't yell. I talk with passion.
At the gala, speaking shortly. These young men are amazing..and sing at many of our events. Cc:
Ha! So true. RT : I keep having to remind myself I'm not in one of the #MKE Domes, & that the chirping birds are real.
Yup, same Katie Murphy. On my fb page, when I click on the Twitter tab at the top, I see all these tweets from some "Noah"...
“: If your having strokes at 30 there's a good chance you sit on your ass and eat all day.”
so I don't forget, I'm wishing you a happy Mardi Gras now!
Time to go in for round 2 Cataract surgery
What is the worst possible name to call a child?
Good point. Consider submitting for a workshop so you have plenty of time to cover the material.
Thank you for the mention Kris!
If doesn't start at least 8 games this year for the #Seahawks, it'll be an absolute travesty.
Feels like the days get longer each day
Kendrick went too hard for the dub tonight haha
Ninety percent in life is showing up! Anonymous
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA You guys are crazy!♡
Great workout at Core Cardio Class yesterday! RT: : My abs are killing me today. Thanks for that.
gimme sum
Its Yves Saint Laurent Fall 2011 collection. :)
Feel better soon and get lots of rest!
“whenever I get mad, I just imagine a t-rex trying to pick up a basketball.” hahahaha
I'm so glad to hear that! Everyone I've talked to says it's wonderful. So I'm trying nog to be nervous about the surgery.
dr kevorkian's tiny miracles club
#PhDStudentPanel: libraries can be helpful by providing resources for preliminary exams. i.e previous exams, etc.
Thanks for the heads up! I took your advice and changed password, ect.
Did I fix it?? Sorry, I'm still working on this blogging thing :)
I'll take my share, don't mind not a selfish twart here.
RT if you actually enjoy reading our tweets
Who up
lol but sidelines may just get their turn if the main fall off
I like the future
Twitter is for beasts :)
Happy to know ur reading it. I've been looking for some pointers on #HowToBeBlack :-P
xD my kitten keeps rolling over in his cage. #WhatACutie xD I rove my Oliver<3 ^.^ P.L.U.R.<3
My Last Friday of my Sophomore Year! :(
Being a hater is contagious study shows it affects 1 in every 5 friends its so lethal the cure cant be achieved thru hypodermic needles
I won't mention today is Nat'l Kiss Day to my hubby...b/c we kiss enough as it is! Whoa--TMI I know:)
If you ever see an older white guy, and a semi-young Asian girl together...you can bet your balls he bought her.
RT Today is National Lost Sock Memorial Day. Time to turn its partner into a puppet and buy a new pair// More sock news.
Let's end fall rush week 2011 with a bang... BYX Barn Dance 2011 tonight @ 8PM - 4 Bar K on 82nd street. Legit t-shirts are $15 at the door!
we can make it happen with your name on it or whatever! We can discuss a #FreshKics customize pair over over
Thanks for the visit tonight...we missed you.
I miss being hungover
(I still think Love Wins)
Follow us on Twitter & Like Inner Beauty Salon and Suites Facebook page
Hey Abby, glad you enjoyed the guide. It was truly a labor of love. :)
Damn. Everytime I come to work early. Something breaks. CPATHS are not linking with my code. Guess I will surf the net until my team come.
get better fast Rampage! You're my favorite fighter! :)
Oh yes. Got a good laugh out of that one haha
HA! I saw you in a #3Ninjas Movie!!
congrats Michael!!
8th grade sucks
Isn't the moon supposed to be really close too? Happy early Birthday!
No traffic out. Great time for a scooter ride.
wow, I want that back yard hooo hooo lol
We were just there last weekend. How do you like their food?
Marchers stopped in front of Blue Cross Blue Shield
Wish I could crush 307 with u tonite
More parking at IMA after old bikes removed this week “: Yes, some of you eagle-eyes did see bicycles coming into our warehouse”
JAPAN, Y U SO KINKY. XD
follow me baby:c loveyouuualot<3
Michele Besant suggest we ask ourselves questions about our motivations in our work.
LOVE the show on When will give her own show?Love her! Sharp as a tack and pleasant to look at!
DUMPED DUMPED
Forgiving others is a must. But make sure not to sweep your pain under the rug.
LEADING STRONG INTO ANOTHER WEEK OF CONSISTENT MARKETING. Discipline up, message continuous n' upbeat - anyone for a Mocha? I'm buying!
I forgot how much I love Bio Dome (1996). Pauly Shore, Stephen Baldwin and Kylie, 90s party, weed and tilapia fish...genius!
Lake Dawson to follow? Just curious... Went to high school with him.
you guys bullshitting about what a boner Axl is?
62: 9. You're a cutie(:
Looks like Von Kaiser is back up for more karaoke!
I am thus far, yes!
rough night..
idk whats worse, the fact you have a scrotum or the fact you're watching The Vow.
Lots of baseball outside today. Sore as fuck but it feels good to be sending moonshots into the lake again and the water wasn't bad either
write-in vote for
mentions the UN universal charter on human rights as an ex of secular ethics
Bramson ORT College Spring 2011 registration is in progress. The Admission offices will be open Monday to Friday: 9:00 A.M. to 4:00 P.M.
why does wikipedia in german have species names in german & not latin? srsly really?
The only way to get anything in the physical universe is by letting go of it. Let go & it will be yours forever”. – Deepak Chopra
damn , lol I meant to hoop lol
Will someone close to please take his twitter away? I agree w him on many issues but whoa, seriously unprofessional.
Wow, San Marcos has their own craigslist section. But not New Braunfels.
Nothing like a good rat dissection to wake you up
I think I might be sore tomorrow.. going to hard in
Don’t fall mindlessly into complicated traps that are designed only to steal your joy.
<---- Him just ended up talkin ( cause I was transferred ) to the darn CFO of the SF Library system ( Ova some minor issues)
Hearing songs that remind u of 1 of best ex's ever... But not so much anymore cuz that person understands u than any1 else in ur life...
I guess we now know what 'excelsior' is in reference to.
I also cannot stop listening to both of these bands. They are my new favorites.
and Please change your password ASAP. Your Twitter account has been hacked.
FUCK american style so called "one direction" i LOVE my uk/irish they r the best!!!!!
Eating dinner , damn I missed my family's cooking...
Advice - Always have someone smarter than you, funnier than you and wiser than you in your crew. You'll be better off for it.
awww :( i hope u start 2 feel better!
Lick my pussy Betch ! #get into it
Fight the good fight, sir. The rest of us have your back.
thus making you insane?
Movie recommendation is Stephen Spielberg's "The People Under the Stairs"
im great my brother!!! Just had a baby girl and working like mad!! You know, doing the family thing!!
Plus doing a bake sale at the local "market days" in a couple weeks. What are your bake sale secret weapons? What's hot in your area?
She is a thing of beauty!
yes,yes i did Emma. U know me too well :)
Many NU fans say the same RT : WR Kyle Prater transfers to N'western from USC. "This is one of best days of my life" Prater said
the butts in
it's very brave of you to share this. are you going to have nightmares?
I guess you know me too well Prima ;)
Oh good point!!! Shoot. I will fix.
I called you back i miss you bae tata gone Dahmir with her and nana gone so are you go be home tonight
thank you for the encouragment.
In War: Resolution. In Defeat: Defiance. In Victory: Magnanimity. In Peace: Goodwill. -Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
Took the role of a grandma....the fun of ghost blogging. Next the role of a realtor :)
ya'll all soft like limp dick
thank you do much!!!
#catchingfire is blowing my mind!!! Started earlier this evening and now on page 188....gotta keep reading!!!
I think #Madison needs an official #BREWERS bar. Any suggestions? This will be an outlet to organize it.
omg, i just left my iron on for 8 hours.
yes she is who got Tiffany started.
I'm so glad I followed my first mind
Salaried employee? How do you feel working for free today?
"The price of excellence is discipline. The cost of mediocrity is disappointment." -William Arthur Ward
I love French fries
Inner thoughts...
~I love everything about the South... especially the people!
Just had lunch & great conversation about with
Happy Valentine's Day Columbus! Cuddle up with a special someone or special teddy bear and stay warm on this snowy day.
yeah so if we were in seats and they had empty vip they might move us up
#wordsthatdescribeme dedicated, professional, hard working, whimsical, thoughtful, artistic, creative, loving
We're booking June with only one weekend available in May. Interested in a session? DM us! Our schedule is filling fast!
didn't he say his wife was dressed like pee?
LMFAO!! Kevin hart. This black midget bitch!! 😂
Can't go too sleep right now
20 days of school left until summer break!! But, who's counting?!?
Girl I was locked OUT the F'N House!!!
Good morning!
Lolyah cause Justin Bieber would want to hook up with you.
I don't follow many people, that's probably why.
I need a haircut! Can I plan on knocking this out on Saturday?
Alright MLB fans -- playoffs are right around the corner. Who you got?
I am never eating taco bell again
I think I'm going to sleep at 8:30 tonight
“: Destiny's child song cater to you= a true companionship....I really can't wait to be able to give&receive that feeling”
The strawberry shenanigans continue this Friday May 5th at the NYU Strawberry Festival!
Time to change my Twitter background besides this purple design with stars..
Very happy that you're a customer!
Let's go to #Indy “: GAME. SET. REMATCH. The G-Men defeat the Niners, and will face the Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI.”
Ugh kelly osbourne drives me nuts. Stop talking over everyone! And hair
boy please lol
What!! Losing followers.. Not cool, bro.
I've never seen Nails :(
what better way to watch #BiggestLoser than on the treadmill
... like hashbrowns... Good, just not like pancakes. Enjoyed steak, can't place seasoning, but cooked well!
“: "For strip-mined mountain's majesty above the asphalt plain." ~George Carlin #Quotes #Humor” / I miss George's wit.
Win! Might try w/ a search for disability justice or activists w/ autism (not to be confused with, like, Autism Speaks.)
if you have any left, I'd an Google + invitation. Thanks
great idea to add URL on there!
Congrats!!! Where at?
What are you doing to us, #Milwaukee??? Just when we're getting used to Summer weather, you go and throw us back into early Spring? Ugh.
come over and i will make you some! and yes i am free from 11-1... lets meet up :)
Checked out the #opencall line for ! Lots of talent out today. Break a leg #actors!
no, just messin with the dr's stuff while I was waiting in her office. :)
14 weeks of how to tell the truth, one week on how to lie?
Doing an OTA direct upgrade of the iPhone to iOS 5.1, since the iTunes server is slammed at the moment. 1 min to go…
Tadarial Sturdivant, Director of Wayne County Child and Family Services
I AM NEVER EVER GETTING IN A CAR WITH DANNY ALRCON EVER AGAIN!!!!!!! DE PINGA BRO!
Wow, that might be the worst link profile I've ever seen. ProTip: Your backlink anchor text should not be teaching me new cuss words.
when is the 50th #rollingstones anniversary tour dates going to be announced mate?
so you want to marry your gay cousin ? Got it .
Did you take your kids to see "The Muppets". Did they get into it or did they react like you were cramming your nostalgia down their throat?
I second - gen Y learners are still learners
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp 😏
i agree! not sure what context you're talking about, but yeah!
Killin' it in the lab right now.
Hey peeps, please don't forget to check out #KnowHowToDance now on
Philly outchea ballin! & Even Turner had two sick ass moves
Wow your so beautiful. Oh those r contacts? Thats ok...Oh you wear that muck makeup? Its ok...Oh u drew those eyebrows on? GO AWAY!
but i still love pretty ricky..im still in love with sexy spec
ugh this Grey's Anatomy is almost too disturbing to watch
Graduation is in exactly four weeks!
He played well in the state tournament. Congrats
I'LL MAKE YOUR PAST REGRET IT'S FUTURE. HERE'S TO YOU.
Seriously, Allen Lam's automation session. Starts very technical but gets simpler- Repeated tomorrow-mark your calendar!
Off to Walkerton, IN to meet with a longtime client, JFNew today!
I'd fly to the moon, I'd paint your gray skies a beautiful blue, just to get one step closer to you<3
Screw you calc. I'm going to bed.
#NBC #Smash is great tonight! Last episode before the finale
Photojournalists must do what it takes to get the image. Learn to move quietly & swiftly in order to capture images
Feeling inspired tonight: Chicken Caramelized Onions & White Wine Sauce. Butternut Squash Polenta. Green Beans Shaved Parmesan
It's the middle of December and I got my AC and 2 fans on... Only in Florida. -.-
dennis the menace
*Blushing* Thank you! RT : Thanks for coming! The information was great!
Nervous. BIG meeting in T minus 23minutes....
Okay, ignoring Twitter soon, lest I get jealous of all the riders. Happy transiting, LA!
This may be obvious BUT I love libraries. Ah! So much.
Sweet! Going anywhere on vacation?
Not sure who runs this twitter account but if you see Jeff Ireland/Stephen Ross tell them I said they r fuckin morons. Thanks
Had a wonderful (Mega Camp-ish) Short Sale Mastermind Session today at Keller Williams Realty Atlanta Classic. Great questions and answers!
Thanks for the follow.
aww well then ill give you one at school tomorrow! :)
Sun is so pretty tonight ☀
my work wasn't digging the twitter background I made, so I stole it for my own
Happy to sing your praises anytime:)
Ima better person than I was yesterday and I'll be better tomorrow then I am today! #ambitions of a growing soul
Happy Thanksgiving to you and yours.
Thanks for the follow! We'd love to talk to you about releasing some of your digital work or tutorials through Fanlaunch.
We are days away from an absolutely amazing show! The Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva on March 21st 2012! Are you ready Chicago?
FAT FAT YOU'RE FAT
I try my best not to let my emotions get to me when they say bad things about the Yankees I just ignore it for the most part.
If you're really gonna call yourself an ICONiac and make fun of Nick just because he said "you da bestest" you're clearly a fake
Welp, just looked at the NFL app I just added. My life is complete.
thanks for the RT!
Lol, yep we will talk about this Monday. I'm gonna logoff.
haha! Im still on my couch!!! See ya tomorrow. Haha
Do you have Instagram? follow us "jamheybastard" DO IT
Top: Ed Wood, Beetlejuice, Batman. Bottom: Dark Shadows, Apes, Chocolate Factory MT top & bottom Burton films?
I hope there are mimosas at this brunch...
#realfriends are everything :) they are truly, real
I'm on a distended vacation.
Sick today. (This is why a woman needs a man, or her mommy)
Fiona's Flash?... or even more alliterative; Fiona's Fox4 Flash.
": Bravo ! I don't know how you were able to keep your cool on MTP this morning.." I could not stand that male chauvinist
That’s a wrap..week 1 is done! Do you have a class you love? I am sure you have a that 1 that might kill you, but overall how was week 1?
cause the only thing I know bout u is that you went to memphis, your a combo guard and can jump out of gym!!!
i followed
I haven't talked it in MONTHS! And he appears to not go to school!
Sporting a high-and-tight? Like girls half-ready for bed? Try Flannel Friday Party and Vets Day Celebration at #TownTavernDC - 2323 18th NW.
Who deserves turds, who deserves blossoms? You've got three of each. Go!
Wish ur mom taught u about RESPECTING yourself, PROTECTING yourself. BUT you better Learn to CHECK yourself b4 you get WRECKED!
If the world didn't suck we'd all fall off.
good try it was writing down hwat to say in a script and using it
Bama cheerleaders are huge
Is text within Flash files created in Adobe Captivate automatically screen reader accessible? I'd appreciate any info!
Fu*k a Hater .. go play in traffic -___-
Hey everyone! Follow my dad best father ever
You always* confuse me.
your welcome. Really wonderful. Enjoy your day.
haha ever made love to a man?
Gwyeneth's Tom Ford dress is SO much better with tht cape. I love me a good cape!!!
I feel you fam! If the deal not right for you then it no deal
wow they got that
I'm not a smart ass. I am just intelligently witty with my responses.
I have a major crush on you kimmel is this really you tweeting?? C'mon boner? really? : Boner is a funny word.
Changing my name and installing Vista SP2...
Lovely impromtu catch with at lunch. Xx
I know, it's really kicked off today!
So sick, wish I could go to sleep, but I can't breathe.
Well it was tight but for Meryl 17 is a charm
am I wrong for wanting to do somethin nasty to #lidiabastianich right after many drinks and her cooking me a good meal? #marthastewart too!
Is it possible to even consider loving me? :(
happy wkend all!
happy birthday beautiful xx
Two Central teams in the #NLCS and no East in the #ALCS =
I love : Digital Archiving and Preservation
tweeting you in the middle of class! I feel like such a rebel :) but it's worth it I love reading your tweets!
oh no. . .666 followers, kind of ominous. . .
Wentworth as chancellor of Texas A&M? Let's hope not.
waterfalls are cool.
GOP believes manipulating tax code 4 benefit of corps is "free market capitalism." Manipulating it 2 provide health insurance is "socialism"
What? He's part of that Justice League thing, right? Pop culture!
so true! “: #lavacon the food has been excellent #TopChef”
you never played that thang for me homie... when we gonna link up?
Game of Century reflects the economy. 9-6 LSU vs. Bama. Overhyped and sloppy play.
O.M.G Just won at Scrabble with the word "Santorum!!!!" My friend was like "that's not a word" so I slapped her.
The buffet at Paris is real good. I know buffets have a reputation, but it was seriously worth it!
it's actually from AEP. Feel free to repost your tweet. ;-)
are you even watching?
I hate politics. But this year I'm urging everyone on election day to write in "Your Mom" for President.
If the buccos win, it would be like asking a twin out, getting rejected, then going out with the sister of the twin #LGB 💀
Finally leaving work. Argh.
Wow bummer!
I GET MY BRACES OFF TOMORROW(:
Just read that there are no stupid questions, just a lot of inquisitive idiots...I have to say, while I dont agree, I did crack up
RT : Sorry to be missing Pitch tonight. Keep rockin' those crazy-great ideas, #chicago #startups!
Do you ever sell film rights before you sell a manuscript to a publishing house? If so, does that help sell the manuscript?
I do pop and alternative and some rock
rainy dayz go away so i can go outside and play! gonna work on cataloging my vinyl!
So tempting. Photoshop CS6 has some nice upgrades for web designers.
all good, have a safe trip! One of these days we will rock another show together I am sure. We will try and hold down SF for you!
O Frabjous day! Found the first bottle of Fluffy White Rabbits of the spring!
give me a shout for PERM IT/Software folks!
please tell me your joking.
..it's just disheartening to me. The internet can and should be used for good but instead it's an extension of these annoying personas..
If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head.
I can't say how excited I am that you are following me! I've got so much respect for you! :-)
When our dog listens to me but not Amy hahaha
Perhaps all that energy was used on that 16-0 run in the 2nd. Hope the #Celtics have something left in the tank.
I'm doing bikram yoga for the first time tomorrow w/ Any suggestions to prepare??
Who flushes more crap into the WI ecological system than Tom Barrett? Answer: Nobody.
"On the Goald Coast, beach life with my beach wife."
who would see their household incomes fall by $60 a month by 2020, while having to spend $30 per month more for goods.
FREE DIAGNOSTIC......AFFORDABLE FLAT-RATE PRICING.....AND A 90 Day Guarantee for all Computer repairs.......Geek Squad has nothing on RCS
How can we help you find the perfect ring? RT : wedding dress shopping? *blinks* huh. *mumbles* I should buy a ring first.
where is this magic place that you live where people not only know who is, but, they come in on time?
I Lost 2 Followers D; Vass HAppening ?!?!
best carnitas burrito and tamales in LA
go go white sox
i have a few $5 gift card codes but can only use one per order? lame.
Are you reaching out to others and networking?
Did they discover Maggie's body or did I miss the episode?
- just cooling mann... Just done with a project, so I blazingg up before I start another one.
how u doin beautiful...love it . U n Miami ? U should come to Gryphon tonite if so?
In session #tu206. Looks like fun. Lots of colorful stuff on walls from previous sessions.
You can leave just as fast as you came.
just saw a dude in a Jose Lima jersey in
you're a great neighbor for accommodating your neighbors. Next time consider Step Ahead Services and let us drive.
Starting a pizza joint, doing a little research - what's your idea of the perfect pizza? Or just share your favorite topping combo with me!
the key is to play tough defense down the stretch & should be able to pressure wash them out of their own court.
#BRACEFREE Aww, you look so much different! :D
So long Canada.
RT : Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake? ~ Da Vinci
I'm in such a good mood today :)
Don't mind if we do! RT Take a break from all that shopping - it's lunch time and the plancha is hot!
bench player of the year
TY 2 all my new fans over the past weeks, I'm honored by your interest! As always, I'd love your feedback on our money saving application!
In Boston!
Heard some shocking and disturbing news about a former friend tonight. Cannot sleep for thinking about it.
Success is a Journey, Not a Destination ~Ben Sweetland
"Some men see things as they are and say why. I dream of things that never were and say why not" -George Bernard Shaw
Pittsburgh has some amazing talent! We were really impressed with some of the people who came out for auditions last night!
Homer visits a therapist who somehow reverses his role with Bart! Paul Rudd guest stars as the therapist watch with us at 5!
what a lovely day. (:
Tnx for follows RTs and mentions!
yes, same here - keep us posted on yours!
Tomorrow is the big day! Moving to Arizona!!! I am excited, nervous, really happy, and sad all at the same time.
#nowplaying Not Over You by ♫ while #amediting. "Damn, damn girl, you do it well..."
In Question #2, Do you think the Urban Centers alternative was selected because most of our population are transplants?
We had a great day at our grand opening! Thanks to all who came by we enjoyed meeting you!
I'm on twitter! Woo hoo!
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
They missed out big this time!
If your having a bad day, it's because you chose to have a bad day. Happiness is a choice.
any mags looking for photographers to contribute work?
smiles slides my arms around ur waist hugs u close xx
A tree is willing to listen things that we feel guilt telling a person about.
It seems like everyday I have an angel and demon pop up on my shoulders
The kids I teach love Now have own online group. Their 1 complaint: word limits. Fertile imaginations need to write more!
Throbbing headache, here we meet again.
Im not ignoring you because I hate you, Im ignoring you because I cant handle it anymore.
So excited for with I'm glad that we're doing this before I'm 1,500 miles away from Boston for 2 months!
Kids woke up singing - "where am I going how do I get there and when I get there what do I do" kind of an apropos kids anthem no?
manson girls
Sittin in my quiet apt in deep thought.....
DID U REALLY AND HOW DO U FEEL NOW? o wait was still on caps lock haha :D
Cello Green is a confident swagalicious trip! Wow! He works that look boy! Watever the hell that look is called? Obese sequin jumper, any1?
wow. What a crybaby. No class as always.
Keen On... Audience: Why Fans Are The Real Future Of The Music Business (TCTV)...
I've already posted two introductory blogs. You'll find them at www.shoredesign.net.
Thank You to all U.S. Armed Forces Veterans!
So small Texas tour with , and Sing me to sleep! :) in july I think yes! With playing in Dallas with us! :)
Al-Jazeera says 6 journalists held in Egypt
Dude, McDonalds is not food. Ew powdered meat.
if only they could cross Heather w/Anika Noni and throw in some Angela Bassett turmoil. Bless my gay heart!
i'm at a bar where you at
Good morning!
My thoughts and prayers go out to the Hecht family.
Now if only shipping will get me my gear from #SXSW so I can do the video shoot at the Code for Good event that would be nice....
so how about I texted and this trick did not text me back !
Bass at #eli2012: NSSE high impact practices are good example of learning analytics, but overlooked as resulting activities hard to measure?
When fat girls say guys like big girls.
Campfire toast to y'all!
Ridiculous billboard! When teachers are treated with respect, it's good for schoolchildren. ensures that happens.
- yep, on my way too.
i really felt bad when sponge bob ripped his pants lol that song was moving
You inspired my existing.
Fuck u tho I was too busy getting my beauty sleep 😘
Had an amazing night awards ceremony.
u know u care 
I believe in quality and engagement not quantity. Do you believe the follower hype? Is it all about the number of followers?
Damn people come to college looking like they just got out of bed lol.
Not only when they tweet!!
It's interesting what can happen in 24 hours.
and it's all LEGAL according to romney; insider trading is okay as long as you get away with it in the paper scramble & greedy lawyer chaos
Thanks Love!! (:
It's lovely!
Counting down the days 'til UFC 146? You know we are! Saturday May 26.
Performing at Branded Saloon this Saturday from 9-10 in bk
Big congrats to txd pals on NAVY PIER! Directed by and featuring ! Kudos!
Phew. At least he knows. #RedSox RT : Beckett on booing: "I pitched like (expletive). Smart fans"
OMG... Weck's? Why have I not been eating your food everyday? This stuff is amazing!!!
Strategizing about how to use social media to develop new business.
RT : As a young man, Lincoln played an early version of baseball called "Town Ball." He is known to have watched baseball in D.C.
Thank you martial-arts training, saved me from cracking my head on a rock.
I missed it tonight!!!! :(
Why yes, in fact, I had your magic underwear on just a little while ago!
oh word!
I just downloaded TELL THE WOLVES, can't wait to read it
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same.
My stomachs upset, yo
Paris Hilton is prob one of the ugliest girls in hollywood. Wtf is wrong with your eye?? #ratchetbitch Idc how rich you are, you are busted
You're welcome:) RT thanks for the follow
Welcome to #21CRadio tweet chat! Join the conversation and introduce yourself!
Randall-"our children and grandchildren believe this is the best there is." make small changes every day to make the world a better place.
how can i service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise dirty version for his single "it's on me" and his bio/publicity photo
You think you know... But you have no idea...
- good insights into the sales process, as always
and beer. RT : Edge looks pretty rounded. You'll need a file and a nice afternoon.
Happy mother's day to every mother out there. I love you.
Don't nobody care about your bitch ass...your a sad excuse for a person breathing
Come see us for lunch AND dinner on Thursday for Dining Out For Life to benefit Great cause!
I'll come by sure brother
haha yes they are so white (: or was that a norwal they have horns so no its the beluga wales that are white (:
You're awesome!! Thank you so much! :)
Your tweets aren't cute. They're self centered and immature.
Thank you for the mention Jenn. Blessings ALL
Follow me ? (: Bye Bye<3
I hope you decided to wear clothes. :)
Today the truck is at Buffalo and Broadway! Another great day to eat tacos :)
Hah! : Do the Mariners usually leave their wives at third base like that too?
While you're busy reading Shades of Grey, just think about all the nonsense we guys are up to.
Setting up my Twitter
I hope the Hawks enjoy the long flights back and forth from the left coast.
Did you also know that in my very first on-air I turned it back to Roger Crozier, Sabres goalie, instead of Roger K., radio jock?
I decided to burn lots of calories today...... I set a fat kid on fire.
I hear the beat of my heart get louder whenever I'm near you.
We going to Ohio University": What's doing tomorrow night!?"
wait... Is that the cottages? Ps lets blade back in Northwood hills haha
Need a legal document served to a Registered Agent in Chihuahua, Mexico.....CALL US!!! 877-527-5737
and i saw build a bear has a cow build a bear! D:< i must get it. loll
I hate Food Science, honestly I don't need it. Good luck getting married Miss. Marren.
Welcome to twitter Coach:)
if I'm out somewhere and a boy comes up and talks to me, no matter who they are my dad WILL give them dirty looks until they leave.
I'd say ari..
RT : Cleveland Park: All entrance escalators out of service due to mechanical problem. Buses are available. the station remains open.
how are you gonna have an argument and then walk away?
AAM? Do I look like a marketer? :P
Hey tweets, I had a chance to visit the Debbie Allen dance academy. So inspiring and such great work. support her mission
Padres give up there one good player for 3 Boston prospects. Should be a really great season next year. :P
that's like a crazy meth addict taking credit for their rich and famous uncle. Doesn't matter!
I know! People were all talking about that last game too.
Hey Lee! Woof!
Today was a long day ! ready for the summer ( :
we can make that work. id have to make a detour to get to you tho
Calm stress & promote relaxation: Massage the area between yr eyebrows (this activates the acupuncture point, yintang, your third eye)
Thank you!!! #euphoria RT : listening to #euphoria on the plane.
I meant I must be tired this morning...
you're pretty(:
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 61
Rangers beat themselves and completely outmuscled in the crease.
On what its like that tho
Im in a NY state of mind
Why am I not getting notifications that people are messaging me on here?
What is your anxious child's favourite exercise? Is it a group or family activity?
A lot of us out here have our resumes ready!
I Made It So You Hate It That I'm In All Of Your Friends' Playlist..
Good Morning #SXSW! Come and get your wake up juice!
thanks for the follow:)
that place is amazing! Get the Mac and Cheese with bacon... You will want to live in that bowl.
sunshine, rain, sunshine, rain, sunshine.... is this really LA or am I trapped in some kind of nightmare and actually still in London ?
I have his first poster, <3 yeah I've been there since March 6, 2011. I miss those days when I could talk to him <3
Character consists of what you do on the third and fourth tries. -James A. Michener
Does Dad need tools? We got 'em -- why buy new imports when we have good sturdy used ones -- keep it Portland and REUSE
Great find!
Sure it's not Paps & Blanton? MT : Looking forward 2 my 1st "How about they trade Youk & get Papelbon back?" email. Matter of time.
Easy peasy here.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA lol i fucking love chinatown. sad thing is...he really thought it was "Don" lolz
I'm watching your favorite movie (;
Big announcement coming today!!
True, but his forearms are neat. “: Jayson Nix is sort of useless.”
Only 15 per beat . Plus a 3 for 2 deal
Silver on pay raise: if there is a will from other people may bring up later
The Queen Bee website is back! Check out the new items from Shoshanna, Autumn Cashmere, Splendid and more! www.queenbeegirls.com
Had a great time being silly today with and my other friend Itzel. :)
Local bands I loved back in the day: Viva Caramel.
I'd give it a 10-15% chance Lowry goes anywhere. His contract is gold + had a chance to swap for Pau but said no.
need to be up at seven..loool
Save butter wrappers in the freezer to use for greasing pans when baking.�
not yet but i'm excited!!!! i'll stick up on my blog when it comes!!
i just got someone too buy your CD ! :D i feel so proud. Lol. i love christmas eve the most !
why r u feeling dead ass. Just smile
Yes. yes i did <3 :D
Protester sign: You don't know how many hornets are in a nest until you disturb it
Friends r collecting new robes/blankets 4 chemo patients in lieu of birthday gifts for their kids. Let me know if you want 2 donate!
By itself, it is too bitter. But with the peanut butter I like it. :)
your welcome.maybe it will be developed into social networking product like suggested in google session?interested to see!
Awww. You're right. I left our your handle AND an authoritative, scribbled signature. I failed! I failed!
The ones u can depend on are hardly around.
okay, I miss your braces, but you are so much cuter without them! #followmeaustin ❤
Hey Trelly! Good morning to you too. Yeah I'm on this :)
LOVE it!!!!!!!!! I cannot WAIT for Wimbledon!!!
I'm So confused...and don't know that to do! :/
Clarification from - 1 can't just go out & get ORCID. system still in development. Aspirational tweet
Yay! Just got my new UGGs! :) now have 7 pairs! :)
Another day, another 3D ultrasound pictures on Facebook....
Time for some water. If you just chug 8 oz right now, I'll leave you alone for an hour.
Thanks & for the birthday wishes!
There's been a whole lotta pots calling kettles black this week. It could be hypocritical. It could be racist. To this I have no response.
Bricks....all white bricks...off white bricks....white tan bricks...
RT : Nokia's UK Lumia failure at the high end almost as problematic as China collapse in mid & low.
Crossing my fingers for this car to check out with the mechanic!
Stick with it for a month or two. You'll still go back but you'll find a lot more to like.
She wasn't "too lonely"--implying that I do not constitute full desired company.
WATT....THAT SHIT WAS GOOD
some people are just stupid ya kno
Being punched in the stomach and kissed on the head at the same time. I'm very confused. With , and
Thanks for the follow Todd! Best to you!
2012 Phenom Camper ⁰ Jr Phenom: Jordyn-Thomas Perez ⁰Rising 7th ⁰Aiea, HI ⁰Travel Team: Tar Heels ⁰Shooting Guard 5’5
Best league in the g*d damn world mutha feckers! Amazing!!
Star Tours has something like 7 different stops now. Multi-ride fun!
the skinny red fox waslked under the boring dog.
Hi Ann! Can us ladies in the Front Office get a Followback - you will be our 4th DCC!!! Ladies in sports ROK! :))
Do not bathe. Or wash the dishes. Or clean anything.
Would love to see you guys at the #farmersmarket tomorrow! Come by for some tasty food, fruits, veggies & more!!
Wait. Whats this about Danger Snack giving away concert tickets on Monday? Oh, I should check out your FB page? Okay.
Thank fuck for that.
UPS or Fed Ex?
yes i think so too
All i know is i wont skate my supras.
Vernors is home to me. Drink it cold or hot. With whiskey, a Monkeyspanker. Or a Red Wing, w/cinnamon shnapps. Xmas in a glass.
Watching #OnceUponATime and loving all the scenes in the fairy tale world.
Whenever it is possible, choose some occupation which you should do even if you did not need the money. ~ William Lyon Phelps
For a moment, long dark cloud formation reminded me of mountain range. So homesick for CA!! Now weeping uncontrollably
Just because I don't react, doesn't mean I don't notice.
NBC News: Newt Gingrich will lose his Secret Service protection tonight
You treat me so bad but I still luv you. Kisses
If you were to redesign iTunes today, what would you remove?
only once I'd hope. ;)
i ate the last one today :)
What do you mean? HOW LONG WAS I OUT FOR?
I'm in, and have more help this time! Excited!!
TempleCon! (we are at it)
Try the new Banana Foster cappuchino... hm... yum yum!!
I think I posted twice. Sorry. Trying to figure this out!!
What a beautiful bike. I hope it finds a good home.
Ha! Just for that, we're sending $10 in driving credit your way.
Gorgeous day! I want to listen to Kenny Chesney and Zac Brown Band all day ☀🎶
Graduations come around I now have a new piece of paper to hang on my wall! Best of all, NO MORE MIAMI DADE COLLEGE! :D
Thank you! We appreciate it. RT Thanks for the follow. Keep up the amazing work you do for our community.
I see you drive round town with the guy I love and I'm like fuck you oh!!!!
how r u babe
still hasn't texted me. Smh.
Thanks for the great feedback during the pitch sessions today.
Olive Garden with and Tasty!
its okay I have blisters on my face :D lol
It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man. ~ Who said that?
VC model of entrepreneurship + public policy = bold government. Where's the low hanging fruit?
Just met at Forks Drum Shop in Nashville!
I want to meet someone who wouldn't take advantage of me if given the chance.
My cousin was a brat when she was little. We actually called her Angelica behind her back xD
Was resisting going to bed this early, but then remembered that I didn't go to bed until 3:30 last night (morning). Z.
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT !
I think it did Fox has pushed back the 24 film twice in two years.
Danny Miller is hot!
Our offices are near Pizza Hut and Papa John's. And I keep smelling a pizza with black olives and green peppers! Help, I'm getting hungry!
September 4, 1993 - Jim Abbott pitches a 4-0 no-hitter over the Cleveland Indians at Yankee Stadium.
Yes, I devoured a dictionary for dinner today. It was splendid.
Shittt i been puting may 3rd on all my papers today lmfao i never know what date it is
I'm slowly but surely increasing my collection. Big game coming up Friday in Durham.
Hello! What was that website you were talking about? The beauty one...
Rick Rubin as "reducer," not "producer" -?uestlove
The blackberry storm may be better than the Iphone4S. Can't get Internet access on your fake 4G network.
they'll be no sunlight if i lose you baby <3
Haha, whoops! How long do you suppose it had been forgotten?
Shout out 2 #Belisha & the Lee Family. Always n my corner rain or shine! <3 y'all
#relaxed got a lot of rest I needed that.:-)
no girl u don't it's the truth he broke it off so ppl know tht it's not going to end well lol
How quickly I end up on amateur alchemical websites when I start reading about 17th-c. title page decoration.
It's Friday! Have a great day everyone!
love you too! #ethics makes me a #sadtommy though
Time for this guy to go home
t!n $h!t b!tcH? cause I'll fuck you up hoe~
could you please follow me TE AMO!!!!
They judged everyone who walked in that house. That's why I stopped going.. And their perverted comments.
REalizing that live-tweeting brain surgery would be hard... lots of big words.
I hate when someone ask if you miss them, when you've only seen them 3 times. like, WTF!
why don't you have to go to school?
So did they just forget about ?? It's still in Beta and I want the rest of the books to come out!
nice steal!
Yesterday i realized that im finally doing what I want (:
I can never win
What up #twitterfam im off work today #nshit in my #oldplayavoice,#fuckroundandsmoke1 dis morning ya dig
Some days are just those kind of days. Today isn't one of those days.
I hate to brag but a perfect meal is my homemade chicken parm and a salad. Ah.
It's a bittersweet solution getting one more season each and they can properly end the shows. Still sad.
Beyond/Bruins
Yikes! Let's not give 'em a cheap one, boys!
Lots of great Futbol matches today in Gonna be tough to keep track of all the action. Great day for a match here in WI.
Having a great discussion about the importance of teacher evaluation to ensure effective teaching with our charter principles.
thank youu hahah, and school is just a effing joke to mee! lmaoo
2nd week in Jan! u been a good girl ;) RT: just saw a new location on SE Division. When does it open? Best Christmas EVER!
Once again, sucked in by the siren song of El Farolito
Gary Glickman from OMB ends #NSTIC governance options panel distilling theme: rapid gov't collaboration and consultation with stakeholders
Get money if nothing..else
Central Ohio’s unemployment rate of 6.8 percent was the lowest unemployment rate among the state’s metropolitan areas. (via
left hand brewing company. It's a lighter version of an IPA.
PickUpLine: I'd like to name a multiple orgasm after you.
students teach teachers too. So thank you! And and so many others!
Have an awesome day yourself!
Thanks for #FF, ! I'm ALWAYS missing my San Diego PR ladies!
What's Loaf Got To Do With It?
Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. Yes is the answer. ;)
I be the one that they love to mention
#INSCHOOL #JonnyTee "Friday Night" on June 5th. Check out "Fresh Like Me" Official Clipper Anthem on YouTube.
Everything happens for a reason u just got to let it be!
RT : Lunchtime Question: Best burgers and fries in Chicago? (or your city)
We were right! Best score to The Artist! If you haven't seen it, run to it!
N its true RT : "El que las haces, se las imagina!" -words from my great grandma Mama Matty!
Can't make up my mind if I should mo-hawk my hair last time or just go ahead and get the high-top fade for prom..
Peepers-Read this today...Most cows give more milk when they listen to music. Not sure how they keep those ipod headphone in their cow ears?
I wish there was a time machine. Therefor I can travel back in time and make my wrongs right... but that's not gonna happen!
14 miners rescued! Only 19 to go!
if you really want to learn the nerd side of beer, go to Goose event Hollander tonight. Youll learn a ton from a very cool chick
hopefully we'll see a heavy dose of isaiah, since he's about the only one athletic enough to stay in front of
Nyjer is an idiot.
Blasted "Sabotage" on my way off campus tonight, but did not try to get the focus airborne on that hill at Coit and Cambell
lol i feel it. Maybe soon but I don't have shit right now.
Congrats to for earning doctoral degree in organizational learning and leadership from Barry U!
We're having BOGO special so you can BOTH come in & relax with a great deal! Your backs will thank you. :)
thank you for the follow!!
Just staying in tonight.
Draw Something is hilarious. I'm a terrible drawer haha
YAY IS BACK ON TWITTER!
In the cosmetic & perfume industries alone, over 800 neurotoxic compounds have been used!
i know i can make it, that be my
's new show is called America's Best Sandwich, starts June 6th on 10 week show, we'll let you know our air date!
it takes a very talented developer to pilot a larger-than life Arduino... /cc:
I need to learn how to dance Bachata 🎶
Re: Last tweet: I meant Billy Gibbons. Sorry.
It was quite hysterical today to hear a Macys employee singing "Let me see that thong" while rearranging underwear today.
Support local talent.
Go #tanaedwedd go!
Unfollow this page and follow my new one
I love being able to be her man that she runs to when shes upset >>>
So instead of doing my english, I'm sitting here watching family guy lol
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip idea! Please DM us your Zipcard # so we can record your contest entry. Thanks!
would that be charlie?
To you as well! : #HappyHumpDay TYVM for following
I'm doing my laundry & my mom screams at me to come watch tv with her :)
Here here instant access is not only what we want it's what we need!
Can't wait to apply this to upcoming work "Healthcare content doesn't have to suck"
I saw a guy using a leaf blower in this wind. RT No one could have predicted a tumbleweed snowman would blow away in the wind.
just finished personal training, done until Wednesday!
Survivor. Cancer Edition. Chemo Island.
I've been scared to go outside all day because of the parade. good luck home!
the gnarliest of the gnarls. Will you be in the NYC from 12/17-21? I will.
: which person?
Ranch sunflower seeds and Brisk Lemon Ice Tea go really well together : ) Its the little things in life that matter.....lol
New favorite NBA broadcaster, interviewee, and, frankly, just talker - Chris Mullin.
Farewell Dr. Billy Taylor. Educator, Humanitarian, Jazz great, founder of Jazzmobile, husband, friend to many. R.I.P.
& I looking to connect w teachers in 1 to 1 classrooms #edchat #engchat #edtech If there is no forum, we need to create one!
#Audition - Have trouble focusing in the waiting room? Try sketching something in the space while you wait. It will keep you in the moment.
1 hour until the screening of at Check it out if you're in Columbia SC.
Kobe did his best Carmelo-meets-LeBron impression tonight: horrible shooting and non-existent 4th quarter
Why do psychics have to ask you your name?
#mix and upon further interneting, that is what they were credited as for the film.
Went coon hunting with Elijah.. what an experience hahaha
you coming out to broadway bar tonight for Girls Gone Wild?
lol it posts from fb too ol
Me and the fam went out to eat at fridays
with premiere league soccer, can't even tell what the team is sometimes
im so jealous
I work till 5... Shark tonight?
My 19 year old student always says that is the YoungMoney of undergroundHiphop. Let's just say I'm happy he know about MMG
TEI Boilerplate looks terrific. Looking forward to trying it out.
The good news? At least I don't have to live anywhere near Buffalo. Just like their fans.
did you hear there is a kinda popular football game on tv right now? :)
What is your ideal vacation?Relaxing on the beach, backpacking through the mountains, or quiet time at home! You name it!...
Be honorable yourself if you wish to associate with honorable people. - Proverb
Yippee! RT : On my way to Cape Coral - I am becoming an uncle today! Can't wait to meet my niece, Eva xoxo
Long overdue in placing the names with the faces this Saturday in Toronto. Look forward to connecting guys!
I wonder if Hennessey will drop Manny Pacquaio from their latest campaign in light of his remarks.
I'm done. I'm done texting you first. I'm done hoping you'll call and I'm done crying myself to sleep. You're just not worth it anymore.
Insert end-of-civilization analogy here.
honored to be part of the brotherhood
My ideal mother's day treat would be a massage and steak dinner with my family
School /: ugh!
coming to on March 27!
I love . Thank You for #Dreamchasers2 #MMG !!!
what happen if I got Basic in Biology? Do I have to retake it or just move on to Chemistry??
Check out: PS: I still feel a little like an old man using Twitter/not sure if I'm using it "right". Hah!
I was in the studio, Just came home! Now, im on my way to the Gym, high traffic in downtown! #Workout time!
great documentary!! Their live at Wembly show rocks!!!
I never knew that Petrino was this big of a deal. Yawn.
holy crap i miss you and i can't stand it.
You'll need to elaborate. "Because I said so," only works to get me to eat my vegetables and to lose my virginity. Why the #49ers?
not funny ha
yeah, I gotcha. Sometimes I get that vibe from people. It's all about context. And a cultural/ethnic thing, too. What seems...
Hey guys who wants videos again who wants me back?
I get the same way. I haven't run a "couple of miles" since... well... a long, long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.
Sitting here watching old ass music videos on YouTube.....
loving - PERFECT summer sunshine music!! check out echo boom - & his cover of black & yellow is awesome
Yes, unfortunately. I have changed my password three times already.
what's a lawn?
kiss thatdog for me!
also learn the facts before you bash th trade check jose campos stats other guy they got
OMFG that video was fucking good af ! I so think & nas should date now ! my life is slayed ah
Good Morning everyone, wish you all a great day !
please tell me I'll Have Another was named as an homage to the Omega House in Animal House
Hey, Sunshine, HAPPY VALENTINES DAY, hun
I'm always reminded during the #NCAA tourney why I never watch #TruTV any other time. Lizard Lick Towing ?? Really? #march madness
There's something about my cool 'Nebraska' guy #you&i
I always thought that reputation was off the mark, though early/19th folks often choose to do other stuff at ASA.
Haha this guy is driving in a mini van reading a comic book... how gay!
I'm gonna die if Rondo gets a triple double in this shitfest
If u have food poisoning u won't be able to stomach the 11 pager. ba dum dum.
Ever have one of those days? Yeah I just lost 3 hours and not sure where it went.
yeah ... the roof apparently blew off Navy Pier's Skyline Stage ...
Love u forever! Good Night <3
great! if you happen to miss it, we can work out something else.
Nobody will be able to cover Saving All My Love For You, it's off limits for any tribute.
it's a good way to meet the people in Paris who have bandages and neosporin, though.
On today a mob of teenagers, robbed a young man and I witness the attack. I helped him and prayed with him.. Chicagoans learn to snitch!
Here's a little Christmas short they showed in theatres in 1946. Happy Holiday's to all!!
i peed a little when i saw 's tweet. THATS MY BROOKE. THATS THE BROOKE ON THIS ACCOUNT. YOU GO MY LITTLE HONEY BOO BOO
Saved a bird's life earlier today. I bet he tweeted about it too.
I wish mine was like that RT : The Castronovos look like their house is in the middle of the Amazon Jungle.
Raiders' McClain arrested for firing gun, & assault. I wish he'd assault the opposing RB
hey Justine. How's NY treating you? Rollexband's still rolling.kevin said he talked 2u recently. @ a fun jazz hit.
Kanye West should do a "Mercy" remix with Smif-n-Wessun.
We have to help kids connect the dots. School is about content without connection-kids can't see the meaning.
U B Recording bro
dominated the #StateOfTheUnion!
you are dead killin nem holdin up that wall😜
watchin beyond scared straight these officers scareing the shit out them lil kids high ass hell lmao
Everybody loses. It's the perfect storm.
That's a disturbing article. It makes me long for the rise of unions again.
Got the RT from Hopsin life is #Amazing !!!
Somebody let me know who wins..
Finally Man vs Wild has another season on Netflix!
Good win tonight team! Lets get another one tomorrow!!!
Exactly! I just hope he is ok. I would fucking lose it if he's gone.
Don’t let someone else’s opinion of you become your reality. -Les Brown
Imagine facing eviction or domestic violence without a lawyer... connects families to that help.
Home with a sick child. Crossing my fingers for something that will not race through the family this time.
Thanks everyone who came out Thursday night, it was a great time. I think we kicked Bullshit's ass...
The State Police have barracks on Martha's Vineyard? Or did they come over on the ferry?
we wish you could be here too!
Ben Folds rocks it.
RT If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22
I was TRYING to annoy you there. :) I knew you didn't necessarily mean ME. Yes, go eat some popcorn
my regular number lol and okay! I have work till 10 though but idc what we do we can just watch movies!?Or drink or smoke evs
Aren't you so sad about that!? RT : Last time I start my morning by googling "hiv aids los angeles"
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
Another sold out night at lax!! Can't wait for Fat Joe tomorrow!! Couple tables lefts so hurry and hit me up for the last tables 7027506103
I can't wait to see the show tonight my heart goes out for the men and woman who fight for our freedom
and we both know he is the farthest from SHY
so exited for the boyfriend video! ahh:P
Oops! No pressure. ;-)
I wish i lived in miami D: so close yet soo far away.
I just had some beer, that was in the top five best I have ever had, in life. called "Biere de Mars: grand reserve". It feels like friday.
Why am I sleeping so late again?!?! Gaaah!! Sometimes, I just don't understand myself!
love you too beautiful :)
do you like New York City?
I Want Some now tho(:
Ok off to run some errands, pick up some supplies, stop by the library, store then back to work tell tonight again.. I need a vacation.
What up NEWBEE ALEX S> newest west coast VANE + INTERN
I hate those people who ask what is a trend that's trending . Like if you don't know then don't ask .
I prepare for the worst but hope for the best.
#Adamhirsh CEO Mashable loves Evernote and so do I. If you don't yet check it out
Check out the different colors that Clear2Go bottles w/ filters come in at www.Clear2O.com
So many great events going on in Philadelphia tonight and Free Comic Book Day is tomorrow.
She's great!!! :) RT : Still a few days left to take advantage of $15 off Massage! Valid thru Nov 15
A win would be significant. Remember, we didn't win here last year. Manny Harris just had a good game.
wouldn't that be terrible? I never met a 3D printer I liked
What Tan, White and Blue all over? Your sad house! Let us make it happy!
G.O.O.D is good.
One photography goal for the year: learn about, and create, HDR (high dynamic range) photos.
I will check it out. Thx.
Hey I have not been on in a while what is cracking? I have been working really hard to keep up with everyone but people are still mad at me.
I have a streak of word nerd in me. So I twiddle betwixt the tweets, and hope I get away with it. ;)
Its halfprice wednesday at Salon Prodigys you can checkout our price list at salonprodigys.com
Much appreciated homie!
...and THAT is why is my go to.
My boy better have a good time tonight
i know, if i hear someone else scream besides myself at the concert i'll know it's you.lol
Hollywood infected your brain
and I are hanging out with this week. SJ and SJ (pronounced Sooj (her) and Sij (me)). We can fight crime!
There's just not enough hours in the day..
() Mom: When I put the magnet here, (iron pieces in H20) follow it! See how they move? They must be made of... Kid: Fish!
thank you! just saw this lol
Omg Stefano RIPPED End of The Road & thats my jam! He freakin slayed that song Amazing. How the frick was he bottom 2 lastweek
phone died day before a trip! RS = secret place to get phones and usually cheaper. Seriously.
Word up. I sell it, might as well try it. Thanks
Nice AB there. Even though Pedro was 0-22, many of the ABs were of quality unlike his previous hitless streaks the last couple of years.
So now they're traffic directors?
Even after BO is out, we need to keep up the pressure to have Holder executed (figuratively, of course).
I took meds for allergies that dried the tissues out, but the bleed wouldn't stop for a full day. Almost went to ER. Scary.
Do this RT: : bedazzle your pug
i've been doing well...i miss coming to your momma's house
INC show was April 7th. Either way, I missed it ;)
Wow you are a long haired hippy.
Yes but, the sun is out m'dear in beautiful Portland and it's piddling down over there :-D!
“: Just watched the segment on ! Awesome. Inspiring. Innovative. (I'm going to take some lessons.)”
Congrats Kim!
Just got to seatac.. So tired!!
You got it. Next week - I'll be there.
Enjoy the Superbowl with OSO Artist, BRENT ELLIS @ Tootsie's, 7pm cst. Or listen LIVE at www.103wkdf.com or on 103 FM WDKF in Nashville.
Just experienced an earthquake in Herndon, VA.
worked from home today. the only thing that topped my productivity was the volume of food i consumed.
Niggas always leave they ole lady for something worse....they be losing.
You ever ask someone a Q and they answer without answering anything you asked -___-
I have no patience for card minimums.
I can forgive stupidity. What I won't forgive is willful ignorance, which appears to be on ample display as usual.
YES RETURN OF BAD V!!!
12 Buck Tuesday! Unlimited Golf & 40 Tokens for only $12...Add on Go-Karts & Bumper Boats for $5 more!!
...well, I nailed the Kevin Smith type. But was it the right one??? Now off to rehearsal Fools Theatre!
still looking cute
I just got an email that Adventures of Tintin is waiting for me at Circ - pretending not to care. re: Game of Thrones
haha how's that hickey?;)
is one of our favorite clubs to play at! Made our trip to Montreal perfect! Can't wait to sing there again in the future...
Any thoughts on Twin Cities companies offer internships for local students? Student is from China, looking for TC marketing internship...
Yeah luv u & there is nthin i cn do re it. its like suicide candy.. im in a drk ally a blind ally, only yr the 1 who cnt see...
I love to break up with guys while I'm on Xanax. That shits hilarious.
Yeah Social Mondays at Stanton Social. Come thru!
watching the Danny Brown documentary after school today...
We'll be at #bxd10 too!!
So...I'm bored is anyone on if so what do you want to do? :) ~Ashley
We have 2 shows in the works. 3/30 in MKE (bands/venue TBA), 3/31 in Appleton at Maritime Tavern w/ and & more
Enjoying the screen sharing features of latest version of Skype, Beta 4.1
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
THX for all your support of EcoClean! We appreciate!
Take note, its not long until this will be the same in the US -.-
Council now hearing further discussion on CREG Center and options.
Failure is good. It's fertilizer. Everything I've learned about coaching I've learned from making mistakes. ~ Rick Pitino
aw =[ why r they gunna be singers tho
it all good! Just watching
What a beautiful storm c:
Absolutely no problem. We're here to serve!
Game Works tonight ROUND 3
Additional nuggets not nuggest...
Packed and ready to go. #NFLX and Super bowl Village.
pretty good :) yours?
FUCK. Back to sweating.
agreed. its a beautiful home.
Yes, daunting! Do you have any film festivals that you really liked?
I'm at Copley Square (Copley Square, Boston) w/ 4 others
hey its good food!
gahahah oh wow alex
So true. “: Your brand and your culture have to be synonymous. #FMMIS”
Word, sister. WORD.
Word on the block is that it's crazy windy outside, seems like a legitimate reason to cancel class.
Oh my gosh I can't wait.
I'm playing he for Free n on what when
Ina good mood ,
If you need a smoke alarm, please call the smoke alarm hotline at 215-686-1176.
“ GoodMorning Beautiful People....”
This woman in front of me has order 20minutes worth of fastfood. #GOODGRIEF 😲
Ping pong party
did you get my text? Lol
email me.
Enough with Kardashians Bruce was an American hero they turned him into a weak joke he's not even a man anymore
I'm good hbu and lol okay
Thanx for the RT. Looking forward to learning from Lou Bortone about video marketing
Tout est pardonné!
Camara says they are considering a lawsuit over the lines
In Gainesville for the ADBC HUB meeting
Friday and #philzcoffee!
Is there a guy from Beaverton on there?
Join OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani 4/9 6:30 pm @ Central Library auditorium 820 E Street for An Evening of Persian Poetry and Literature!
no worries. I'm here until Saturday.
HoLLY Much ! Stop It, never cute take that to unverisal studios ..
Wittenberg: Authenticated websites critical in legal proceedings
Watching Firefly could be the best decision you'll ever make. My favorite Joss show.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I LOVE YOU!
I'd give up my hoes for the right man, o_O hm..
A good book but I'm still not sure David Starkey is the best basis for that sort of exceptional leap in historical judgment.
IDK WTH is on HBO but this show "Cathouse:come to the party" is the real deal ....
reminds me about growing up in Germany before bakeries became commercialized.
it was a basic call-back service. Twilio API is simple (heroku + twilio + sinatra = build something amazing in 2 hours)
Superbowl or Puppybowl...what will you be watching?
if you wanna!! can you go??!?!?! i need to know asap
thanks for the shout out on the candy demo and recipe. Hope you had a wonderful Thanksgiving!
Smithsonian Visiting Scholars Gregorio Luke and Emily Keys will host a reception tomorrow, 7:30 at KCT Board Room Station Kansas City
Start light, keep it funny. This is an oppty to bring this often overlooked/taboo genre to light.
Good question! Can I start in Newark with wine by the river and then disapparate (Like H. Potter!) to Emmendingen for dinner?
re: "we." It's also one of the quickest ways to get rejected as a writer/FC on Bleacher Report. Hate. It.
Still got cards you gave us in my diaper bag! Lol. We will come back soon to hang out.
I am going to get you a green shirt XD
This-> Embarrassing! : See? For shame if you sold your tickets to UK fans
electronic billboards
Come on!! RT : Oh, I wish! I could use some #Hendersonville to soothe my soul.
#KONY make him famous justin! you have the power
leave the line and come hang with the cool kids
Q: What do you make, grow, or do yourself rather than buy?
Woah you sure they are "beautiful" chicks?
Hot tub and snow.
Newest Launch www.priestsoul.com
Quote of the day: "Gotta work at what you do and go for the best."
Nyckelharpa duet practicing session.
two things. Storage unit is a go? And I'm gonna miss you i never said bye ms espana!
The way we talk and the people to whom we talk creates, sustains, and sometimes destroys relationships, organizations, and communities.
Im a gentleman. I know how to treat a girl. I wont EVER hurt a girl. Yes.. we exist.
Need wisdom for your love life? Come check out our new series called "Love Life Rehab" this Sunday! Your love life will not be the same!
well that sucks
Hasn't stormed this hard since nam
how do i get your fan mail address ? <3 1
Want me to play the family man ill spray up the family van
Spending my 22nd birthday in the library
#WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
"Open different doors. You may find a you there that you never knew was yours." –Bert (Mary Poppins)
DOT: I-40 CLOSED from Louisiana to Tucumcari, I-40, WB, CLOSED at 98th but expected to open soon. More road conditions on www.krqe.com.
is perfect 💙 seriously
sorry to hear
You could do video calls with iPhones and iPad2's, right?
Big fan of on ! Great job Ron/Stephen!
pls follow me back:-)
cuz u know what? The world is full of sad shit that the average person gives not one single fuck about
I'm Cory Or Tre' whichever I'm 15
And now feeding him any and every lie I can come up with. Emily is a compulsive eater and liar. you're welcome ;)
That awkward moment when your lesbian friend likes a picture of you on facebook...its like, should i be worried...?
This moving shit is for the birds
love the music!
People need to mind their own damn business.
Just started this instagram bullshit, let's c how it goes lol. Follow me @ ahhhfuckitsnoel!
When I get off finna crack open dis 1800 and watch this "Avengers" movie
Lord Knows.
Hey GERUER! :P what ya doing~?:p
Confession: I secretly love the jimmy dean commercials. All of them.
I remember the first wholesale order I ever got - it was for 15 pieces and I thought I was SO awesome.
Exercise, shop, work, then play. Productive day today.
ePub coming at some point, but given the state of most publishers' files starting with PDF made sense
Time is love, gotta run......
That's kind of how I felt when I read the lyrics to Pumped Up Kicks…
Coconut popsicles are the key to my heart
Packing... what am I forgetting this time?
Play the rodeos with Enrique Iglesias? if its possible can do it
About to go walking with my mom
Politicians should where jackets like NASCAR drivers. That way we know who sponsors them.
That's a good question! He was tweetin' away for awhile there.
Finna try an sleep before I get hungry again
Hell yea! We will do it again soon
So many thing done today. Happy. :)
yeah it was almost cancelled this year but the execs wanted to give the fans a proper ending
"collecting and preserving the Internet" -- this is the one I came for. Internet librarians FTW.
Nike should have spent less money on fluorescent yellow and more on spikes that can grip the turf. The Ducks can hardly stand.
I go to school where students are higher than their grades.
they trying to rob VT!!!!!
My bitch badder then yours!
I have never been inside the home of a Londoner. Just those of NYC expats.
According to 92% of retweets come from "interesting content" while only 32% come from incentives.
you're at her house damn I wanna come
I really miss my significant other
that's fucked up
ok, NOW his twitter is down for good.
If you see me later today please don't ask about my hair. My head hurts so I had to remove anything that wasn't hair ie hairtie, bobby pins
Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!
"Sunglasses and advil..... Last night was mad real"
since your spending so long in Daytona. You ready to come back in July?
Somebody just retweeted one of my tweets from 2 weeks ago.. 
I TRIED!
Its the funniest show ever. Vinegar strokes, pretty dick, plaxidentially shooting yourself, great cast. Definitely a watch.
did u get a new phone?
Yeah, but there's "less smart" and then there's hiking sandals, y'know?
Ready for opening session of
Really North Carolina? Really??
A lot of ticket guys talking down about Ranger fans lately Fans are doing what ALL fans do, doesn't make this a non baseball town!
Sold 100+ tix to the event on Tues against & the ! See you at & the !
Had a very short and kinda boring day! Let's see what tomorrow be about!?
Ellen and Cynthia would know better than I, but there is Fox's (Winton Pl) & Brownstein's (Monroe)
shame lol.... u should
why are you going back so soon!
horrible memory too!
“: Is Freese better than Kung Fu Panda? #lfh, at baseball yes, at eating, no.
if there were a cappella groups at my college I think I'd leave, but it's oh so fun to see what everyone is up to on good old fachebook
On which day?
i don't think so either, she has probably turned a corner in her life
Oh, thats a bit too harsh. Let me put a `lol` at the end of it.
I no how much u really want somebody want somebody that don't really need u,I know how much you really want somebody, that ain't tryna keep.
Jeannine Morber () "Social media is about people, not technology". Indeed!
#Favorite2011PackerMemories First time seeing and his eyes, nah JK. No but seriously, yes bromo.
That awkward moment when someone follows you on #instagram and they don't have ONE single follower.
We're basically super heroes lol speakng of which leggo to #TheAvengers next week! I'm gonna watch all the movies this weeknd!
Sure thing. Any preference?! ;)
Someone wanna talk?
#McGehee hasn't looked half bad the past few days over at 1st
Time for dinner. Then more
Music is my soul, when i pass i hope i get to take it with me....(music im talkin about)
yo u got any Pepsi left
haha thank you
Giants won!
It is bedtime. Need sleep. Sick parents suck.
Happy Mothers Day!!
Step Up 2.
you're in highschool but you're still petty as hell. I'm goin on a rampage in AE right now... lol
The Xmas tree was 8 ft when the tree guy put it in the car.When I got it home, it became 14 feet tall & 200 pounds. My back still hurts.
Rochester office is ready too! RT So, who is ready for Spring weather again?
Just got my DIsh network cable box and satellite, and I must say their remote and system interface suck!
I hate happy people. Fuck happy people.
We ASSUME the POSITION of that which is spoken OVER us. The POWER of Words.
I lost track of twitter.
": it was all because of that sexy dance you did yest 😁" lmao!! Omg... I'm never doing that dance again :x
What're you planning this weekend? We've got some great live music and the hottest DJ's to keep you dancing all night!
No regrets.
Tonight's talk will focus on American pop culture (with the noticeable exception of Emma Peel.)
bkalt homie u know what it is
hey watcha been up too
Of Monsters and Men-Little Talks, what a song
By the time the election is over, we'll hv defined far more than the heart of America, we'll see what are Twitter neighborhood is really abt
Up waiting for cox cable b4 I head to work, so sick of this bad internet connection...
The podcast is great!! Thanks for doing projects like this! Now I have something I'm excited to listen to while I run!
haha do you got some pics?
Nothing like flipping back the channel and seeing an ass in my face!
99 Problems but a Bitch nor a Bitch Ass Nigga aint 1!
My fingers are so cold I can't feel them.
My New Year's resolution is to stick to a good workout plan that will keep me healthy and happy. ~ James Lafferty
that too.
Short and plump
- i would love to see the UFC in the #CLE!!!
Austin is beautiful.
Your product doesn't need a slick visual design to succeed, it needs a designer.
Today is a new day , no bull shit no drama no people that i cant trust i need people in my life that are positive not negative.
Downton Abbey, Game of Thrones, Mad men.....I love being transported to another time/world....
At girl scout fund raiser helping to fund Camp Foxtail. Great memories of that camp!
At least they're not taking any chances.
Traveling Greyhound. It's so chic.
Just in case you haven't been online recently the #oscars are tomorrow! Who do you want to win?
George Hill not playing tonight. Sprained thumb.
Goodnight all...time for some sweet dreams
I know how it goes. I'm trying to plan a few days back in mke too hopefully in the next few weeks
Mom: The gravy was alays to thick or to thin. Lil bro: so it was to fat or to skinny?
I know they aren't the greatest. But I try.
No one should be afraid of making mistakes, as long as they learn from them.
Ok so you just tweeted my little sister!!! I'm so jealous!!!!
No sound?
And now I just need to make this work on my mac --can u pls try it and see if it works for u? when I hit Run it crashed
Nice to meet you. I know you must be enjoying the SoCal area now.
The thought "I like to gorge on the flesh of humans" randomly came into my head. Oh course I'm not mad!
yeah that would suck. I would reschedule on a work day. that way I would at least get to leave work early.
when you are making editorial choices, how do you as an editor keep this story interesting beyond just narrating a horse race?
Another great game going to the wire
Just watched the Green Lantern (who doesn't like a half-naked Ryan Reynolds? That's right. No one) But I really wish I hadn't wasted 2 hours
8-12 now ...had our chances yesterday too many unforced turnovers..last three games of regular season this week
hello all! happy Monday Morning to you! Stop by the museum and check out Patterns and Perspectives-- only two weeks left!
shout out to you fam good lookin' out!
Currently working on lotsa music .. my other job
they're people too bob they've missed a few each way dont forget the "late hit on osu's first drive"
You feel speacial.!!
I hope Ev is feeling better :(
search the names of your local source farms, +Reno. Restaurants will brag online about using them.
Without imagination, all human activity is riddled with unconsciousness. - Thomas Moore.
Guy comes thru my line with a box of lube and winks.
it would mean the world if you followed me.<3 your my inspiration! ilysm<333
I Remember when i Had the Cassie Hairstyle lmfao i thought i was the shit !
All Eyes On Mii :-).
I know it's been a longtime but we back on it
I'm going to bedd! Happy Holidays :)! GoodNight <3!
I had a chance to play in the field, but didn't get to bat.
itsRyanButler: What's a really good action/ horror movie to watch? The Strangers or Taken!
fantastic hat!
lol. Thanks for that, I'll dry to keep my cooking to sober times
Eastside all day all night
yes mam, agreed !
Giving space is so hard, but it's for the best & we will be back in the blink of an eye:) actually going to sleep relaxed.
RT : The Louvre's Got Game, Replaces Audio Tours With Nintendo 3DS [VIDEO] - on.mash.to/vaY47Y
thanks to you, it was a great presentation and good context for
Great team lunch with developers Good discussions on cloud and building incredible things for customers like never before!
leave me da fuck alone bro
hahaha bless ya! Should have come earlier
Went to bed late last night overly excited about a new business card design to the point where I could not sleep well. designing rocks.
why is 1D moving to the U.S? ugh they're so annoying.
Wow what a puss. Starts this shit and ends it quickly. We give the win to easily. No good comebacks by Frank
lmao! I promise you do! I was just watching Khloe & Lamar's wedding
lol. I got u man
Unfollow me. Bc I'm sick of the fakers, quit smiling when we talk. Success will be my best revenge.
But surely it would cost less than $50k right?
Atlanta Half Marathon, then to Grandma's house I go. Happy Turkey Day!
Hope you are enjoying getting back to life!!
In need of a translator, someone who can speak fluent spanish
You're wasting dreams on a location when you have TWO 10 mins away from you. How about dreaming up a DnD instead?
I won't give up on us.
Congrats to for winning Brand Ambassador of the Year at today's Downtown NOLA awards!
I could try to give some more specific interests, but aside from my disability/illness....
yes will do :)
is calling it a nite.g'nite fb family.God bless.
Can anyone say why there are empty seats behind one of the nets? Is it the rain or not many in Chicago?
playing a countdown of beasties songs in memory of MCA seriously tore at my heartstrings :(
YEA stuupid butt heads
Family party at Scotland Yard Pub right now in honor of the deployment of an Army Ranger, w/ pregnant wife. Amazing peeps.
Does anyone know any Farmers or Allstate agents in the Denver metro area? Any insurance reps out there??
happy birthday to the awesome queen of awesomeness :)
In theory the radian6 folks are gonna connect me with someone that can help with the profile filtering issues
ur a good man Charlie brown!
I keep hoping we'd get adopted by a more functional Norwalk ;)
yay I hate this class
no I didn't get in :(
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles with it.
Heading home to make stir-fry and debate implications of Emanuel decision w H
Lots of interest in crowdsourcing--follow along on the Ggl doc.
Just had the best caramel frap..I want another <3 ☕
Finally getting the hang of Git although I haven't used all of the commands yet.
Cowboys miss the 1st, & 2nd is good....
thanks for your response on LSS.
you wish xD P.L.U.R.<3
you're welcome! tell your friends about us man :)
Just seeing this now... wish we crossed paths!
Twitter is telling me to follow Walmart- fuck straight off please.
Ok I'm gonna make an instagram tonight whatever
You are far less prone to experiencing a haunting in your home if you have cats around.
Ppl are really hating on #Shaq right now. I mean, he played a good 3 minutes tonight. That's A LOT in one game for a 40 year old man.
follow me
. i'm a little mortified! but i'm glad you got good notes!
I think Mr. Day will win a few this summer to ignite more Jason festivities
Gudmorning dolls slept late woke up feeling good :-)
I like how my mom doesn't even care.
We have a total of 10 IU fans in this section vs 400 UK fans. THIS. IS. SPARTA
Courtney, and yet again she tweeted indolent neglect
So tired! 
no school for me today! :)
I sent you a dm, I hope you got it!
Or you could just start listening to your messages :p
Sake onion ketchup FTW! Ehhh :D RT : you always have the option of the burger @ Old Homestead!
The goodness of God comes not for what he does for you but what He has already done for all. His love surpasses all.
i feel like i should've taken a week off to hang out up there
Just starting to approach stores and try and my stuff in places! I am always down for collaborating with entrepreneurs ANYTIME!
We love hearing that! Keep it up! " - just got done with a killer spinning class! And going for seconds tomorrow :)"
Let me say a million times that you love me no good if I do not see in your eyes ♥
get ready for a short week!! come hang out for football and play texas hold em for free 7 and 10pm drinks and food specials all night
oh my god. This workout fitness infomercial is KILLING ME
One more tweet and then back to work. Just saw hashtag #twitterbaters. Cracked me up!
"Think with your brain but live with your heart."
Project juggling
The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.-- Albert Einstein
And when I am lifted up from the earth, I will draw everyone to myself. John 12:32,
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 33
It 75 out in the chitown loving it
I'm so ready and excited to watch #WrestleMania this Sunday even though I would love to be in Miami to see it live
Sugar and salt would dissolve more easily in warm water.
Get your priorities straight!
Ima wear my Ortiz shirt week because ORTIZ PRIDE lol jk I hate that school, but I rather wear it than the normal shirts.
hey im back my peeps
when does that come out, BTW?
Hitting the allstar game at Horizon tonight..
You know that megatouch game What a Mess? That's what my entire apartment looks like right now.
if it's 6 more weeks like this one, I hope it's shadow!
Happy Birthday! :)
Griffin better pull his team together.....game not starting out good
you going to Kevin's party?
Tell your friends to #FOLLOW us! You could win a gift certificate!!!
“: Ion need a bunch of bitches, it's just me & my cousins<3 & ” get yal chimpetslookin ass
1 thing to see QR Code on document, another to apply as training activity. The combo of ID & new tech often surprises (I hope).
Time to purify more and deeper through Lent as we start to approach Easter.
do you want me to embarrass you with our first game's score?
me either<3
Great! Can you DM me the phone number of someone I can talk with about it? Many thanks!
Mount union with the gf and the dog for a nice afternoon
haha yess, I'd love that more than anything. When do you get out?
definitely. it's great that he is bringing attention to the ongoing atrocities in
I'm gonna change my name to Gabe Grande. :)))))
The feeling of success is always sweeter than the thought of thinking of if you would have done something to be successful! Leggo
Thanks for the shout out.
Can someone PLEASE send me the link to the boyz' new interview
Glad to know the true you
Looking forward to rehearsal. I've got new songs I'm adding to the set list!! :-)
I agree 100% with that statement.
RT : Crews from Santa Rosa area & NMSF responding to a large grass fire south of Blue Hole. Est. 40 acres.
thank you so much :D
80 degree weather? this calls for some homemade strawberry sorbet! "Paleo" of course!
The #'s are Devastating: Fastest growing developmental disability = #Autism! Help us in the fight.
The only thing standing between you and a more comfortable home is a little advice. You can do this. ://amzn.to/wemMno
Someone says you mix up night and day, you can get new reality.
of course! And we can at least share *partial credit for starting the "Mar-cus Cam-by" chant! :-) I'll miss all of them.
RT : yeoo what's all this talk bout u killed it????--I just performed in a
ops...yes, art...creative art at that!!!
I would buy an tm. I wouldn't want to potentially ruin one of my teams #pack #brewers, so venture in to something new!
Going back to Atlanta any time soon?
Ive got some serious camel fungus going on... LOL.
Signed up to model in a fashion show. Should be fun.
Winner of the 2012 #OBA in Graphic Literature: Footnotes in Gaza
Free class from The Writers Studio tonight in #Tucson. DM me if youwant to learn more about our method for teaching creative writing.
this is the good stuff! so "player" in everyday speech, but "baller" only in rapping? //
Friend to a client: "Wow! Do you really have a six pack (feeling her abs)." Cleint: "Well it's better than a fat pack!"
Loved chatting with last night and finding out how much we have in common. Our love of Paula Deen hams and mattresses. ;)
Lol okay BABY! ;) ( emphasize)
Oklahoma, you will be dearly missed. You have supplied me with so many amazing people that I hold dear to my heart! LOVE!!!!!!!!!
thank you for introducing me to i don't know how i went this long without knowing about it!
RT : #AHA2012 Sinclair scraping text online an important skill for humanists - just a minimum of coding
thanks for hugging me at the premire and loved the new
Trying to get 1D concert tickets!
my hair was fake as fuck!
not our rules. What in the world did you do??
BBQ looks great - glad you tried it.
That nerve racking moment while you wait for the system to boot up after a HUGE system update in Arch Linux.
oh I saw this yesterday! Looked super cool!
": It's a marathon, not a sprint. #packers #mnf". She made it to 2:30p
Its because I'm extra cool like that. RT Love when hashtags her text messages to me.
OMG!!! Congrats to ~ she just hit 600+ followers <3 This girl is amazing!!! Follow nowww :]
Love cooking for all my friends & more
Ditto! : I'm GenX/Y. If your marketing has too much text & doesn't catch my eye w/ imagery, visual layout, I don't read it.
ALL NEW 2 Broke Girls and Mike & Molly tonight!
thanks to my new followers and and .... i hope i will empower you as much as you empower me..
Love Andy North's analysis at the Masters. Best in the business.
RT SAA is the SXSW of the archives and library conference circuits! / Love that comparison. Hipper shushers indeed!
Open Access Week.
Welcome back--we're so glad you'll get to try Balsan. Thanks again for a wonderful set of photos from your RIA dinner.
haha thank you!
But to be fair, some Democrats also voted against it. I'm not sure this is all Republicans fault man.
i can't say "my day was great" anymore .
Hey, cutie pie. I'm so behind on Twitter that I missed your tweet about my WIP. Sadly, I've made no progress. -bad writer!
Someone should talk to me this car ride is boring :c
Very European looking road their at
I always leave the eye doctor's office feeling like an incompetent mole. One and Two, and Three and Four are all ALIKE.
this dude Dwayne is gettin off right now. damn.
Its funny, not once as a kid did I watch The Muppets and noticed the strings.
Tell me some dope shit, somebody
Skipped school today yet I'm awake. Thanks mom for always forgetting when I'm NOT going to school!
Hate on me.. (Raise my hand ) i volunteer !!
Seriously, how awesome is Ozzie? RT: I hope that with the players we have, I dont screw it up the way I have in the past.
overall down year, but Cali provides much needed prospects this year
i get hope its still on when i get homee
Rosehaven working with two new writers!!!! Pre-production of movies soon!!!
great! Can't wait for weekend though! 💤💤💤
Ride around with nina $$$cash out
True. FOX seems to to be suffering from SMS = Selective Memory Syndrome
TAMPA, FLORIDA - SAMMIE IS COMING HOME (((APRIL 13)))
get off work and come to my room slore
Great seeing you last night and great show as always.
Keep the shots of orange juice coming...it's gonna be a dreary morning.
so true. Its time that the body truly be the body and come together. Its like nobody heard of "Divide & Conquer".
Yep. ": Amen RT : "In order to write about life, first you must live it!" Ernest Hemingway"
"Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths." -Arnold Schwarzenegger #occupygym...struggle is acceptable.”
lol I just thought about it now kuz I had plans for the weekend but they just might have to be canvelled -.- but ill let u kno
Things are heating up inside the Women Build house! Sledgehammers and dust flying! Orioles Wives are getting it done!
Thank God for playoff hockey with no more college hockey. Don't know what I'd do with myself.
I love my 22 yr old stylist Ms Anastasia!, cant wait to rock those shoes and my afro Thursday at the bowery, FIT and raw talent goes far!
RT : Never texting you first again. Especially if your not going to keep a conversations going.
Keep us posted on the Catonsville, man! | www.honicide.com
Grateful Dead American Beauty, Mr Oizo analog worms attack
Hartl first introduces you to some pain, but as you progress, it becomes a nice little resource
Bout to drink til I'm down! Fuck it!
why almost hit this girl crossing the street and still didn't stop smh
thanks for RT. great ending at #TEDMED Sad to leave.
I been on twitter all day.SMH
Thanks again to everyone who made #artrageous and #lincolnpark shine over the past two weeks. Can't believe it's over!
The rain may not ruin Happy Hour in DC today. Rejoice!
People are tired. And sick. Some are on overload. I recognize that 4 some the material isn't thrilling. I'll just keep tryin'.
RT : "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody." -Bill Cosby
RT Thanks for dinner! So good! THANK YOU!!!
Fish City Grill with my wonderful children Anna and Carter
Congrats on your first tweet! Keep them coming! :-)
After 5 years or so finally taking an editorial hatchet to the (brochureware) content on our website. Does anyone have a giant magnet?
How is Google better? Are you an Android fan, and why? Or why not?
Great game this weekend for the Houston Dynamo!!! It was a picture perfect day to open the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
If you are in the mood for something healthy, try Veggie Heaven, Flying Falafel, or My Fit Foods. We'll get it to you in around 45 mins!
If you follow me, I think I will suddenly not be sick anymore. I'll be, like, PERFECTLY HAPPY :)
thanks Matt. Appreciate it.
so #Blackops2 looks okay.. its in the future.. so what are they turning into halo.. ? BIG turn off...
Heavy rain is done. Light rain/sprinkles for a few more hours. Skies clear this afternoon. HIGH 72. Fog develops tonight. Lows in the 50s.
RIP Whitney Houston
Let's get to 400 likes on Facebook by Thanksgiving, so we can have 400 reasons to be thankful!
go to very back parking lot in the very back corner
not sure why the team invested a draft pick in a backup for Ray Rice but they have no talent behind Flacco.
Create until you craft your own corner of the world
Metta World Peace is gonna need a lot more than another name change this time...
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
SO hilarious how many people are texting me asking who we're subtweeting hahahaha!
appreciate the follow and all that fire you have in your belly. you're doing good stuff. keep it up!
what's wrong
We practice for Patty's Day 364 days a year. Where will you be this Saturday?
He had often wondered what it was
nothing I just think my car gonna be dead when I leave work
Marc is better defensively than Pau but his offense can't touch Pau's.
Welcome Red Sox legend, the RemDawg, to the world of #kickassfiction!
the calls in this game are absurd.
u no u like it wen i call u that ha
"I have read your book, an its an excellent read." by author
Yep, 7. You could go to the Hilton Sat., too, to try to interview people. I'll be chilling on Humpy Lumpy Lawn 6:25ish if...
this picture makes me super emotional !!! He's beautiful
haha u kno I love u :-)
adios #karma blindside the students you used to teach deserve better
We still have a few Birthday slots open for this Saturday...call me (713) 981-7888 for reservations!
Well......at least I'll have dates to post eventually. But....oh....NO! I have to re-do my header art! AH! #allaboutme lol
Chicago is missing 2 of its best hrs of progressive talk radio! We want them back!
be there or be square!
After three weeks hard work, I passed the real estate license exam! :) When I'm not acting, I will be helping people fill American dreams.
TORNADO WARNING: TRIMBLE COUNTY - stay safe!
Not to a political science major! ;p
of course we are. What else would we be?!?!
Good luck with that! I'm on my second Dora DVD over here.
Golf tourney tomorrow...so OF COURSE I messed up my back. Geez.
Ah, August in Seattle. Time for the ceremonial bitching about the low-flying
Plan something special for the knight in shining armor in your life. Join us for Mother-Son Date Knight on April 28th.
Them Big Boys hit hard!!!! Nice finish from Big Ben
Ryan Miller is injured tonight and will not play for the #Sabres tonight
Stop by to pick up your favorite wine and check out 2 amazing St. Louis artists on display -Jennifer Hayes & Emily Soderberg
#Fortunempw Regarding making markets, "be first an be lonely" - Ginny Rometty SVP IBM
hey babe
Thank you<3. ": r keeping me sane right now. music in...world out. #annoyed"
how do u link ur fb to ur twitter?
We self destructed tonight. Gotta get back in form.
This is gon be some real sh*t Im bout to say so LISTEN!! ANY OF U CAN MAKE IT U JUST HAVE 2 CONSTANTLY BETTER UR CRAFT & PROMOTE FEARLESSLY!
Listening to Elliott Smith today and thinking we need to cover one of his songs very soon.
so sweet thank you :)
Didn't even think about that. If I get carded next time I buy spices, I'm causing a scene in the store. -JO
Hmph, well that's just rude.
My publisher told me about e-pub, but I never asked how it works. I take it it's Kindle compatible?
1758 N. Sedgewick in Old Town ;)
Would be amazing i you notice me :)
Gosh there is so much to say! Maybe can tell you some stories. Anything in particular you want to know?
An awesome friend just announced she is moving out of state. Such is life. I'm kinda sad. But I knew it was going to happen.
that was a wrap thank goodness. I was ready for the night to be over.
Haha, I'm ALWAYS hungry! But yeah, burgers are good. What's your favorite food or snack?
Finally feel ready to move up a level in ballet, now all I need is the nerve!
spendy, true. But it sounds like a great topic. ALCTS members & student rates are much better at 219 & 99.
you got some serious body guards!(: haha
RT : Park Equipment and Bleachers: So, you and your friends are nice and comfortable in your new set of bleachers and......
IM BACK TO 99 followers... DANG IT!
Ok so was wearing a West Virginia hat. OMFG I LIVE IN WV. #yee <3
whoop! Gogogo! Instead of writing, played Legos
Bitch if u cant take the heat get outa the kitchen !!
its been a while since ive been on twitter wats up
Stop in tomorrow! Watts will be CLOSED on Sunday July 4th and Monday July 5th in honor of Independence Day. Have a safe holiday!
Tra la! It's may!
If i keep scheming and you keep dreaming, we both keep believing and aspiring to greatness, forged by our braveness we will succeed.
Neglect not that the earth delights to sense your empty feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
hey haha did it work?
that is called "Corporate Underpants" and it is the number one mistake I see when reviewing things heuristically.
What are you waiting for?
Oh! congrats on your newspaper write up! Full page! You go girl!
Ohh Mr. Joe. I hope the dolphins dont steal our QB but if they do it's ok my buddies are huge Dolphin fans & that's my #2/3
I'm low on motivation and high on fat. How can I reverse that?
Hathi Trust: tools for non expressive uses. "You can read but not understand" which prohibits supervised machine learning
oh no...where am I going?
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1.
Last day as UTSA's University Archivist today. It was my first job out of library school and I'll miss it.
The jobs keep coming in! Mail Clerks needed in #glenallen #va and an entry-level #clerical position in #fortworth #texas! Contact me!
I know!!! I love U2!! My brain exploded! bahahaha!
Anyone got a shovel?
hey buddy.
come party with us chica!
Amanda and I booked a commercial together, today! Very cool.
Done and done!
Definitely...with observations like these and the pics to go with, I am so glad to have made your acquaintance.
U are welcome, precious S! #FF RT'd Me TY
I think your amazingly talented your gonna go far even if it's not in music. Your song 11:11 is still my favorite song.
so hows it Going
haha not wyoming, just the dog ugly bitches ;)
Looking for hat trick from ether blue or red team
Awesome! Thanks so much and glad you enjoyed it!
Nothing you could ever do or say could fix this.
Tomek Design brings you zenBUNS. Social marketing, a great way to use the web. What do you like about social marketing?
looks like took his site down... Was there an "offer he couldn't refuse" involved?
while you doing god knows what in atlanta
My apartment? Are you referring to 80/20?
I have a present that I am gonna give to u via
RT : RT : Name your iPod 'Titanic', plug it into the computer. When it says, 'Titanic is syncing', push cancel. Then ...
hahahaha very funny
We WILL be back soon enough!
PLEASE make the crazy tweets stop! can you please delete the retweet of my comment? I can't handle the tweet drama! :-)
Just a wee bit different than our Alvin Robertson/Petr Gudmussen/Johnny Dawkins days.
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses.- Napoleon Hill
Stop taking in stray animals .... Get rid of cable....
If you find yourself walking around downtown San Diego and you are hungry for delicious Mexican food, you should swing by :)
You would rather be pissed off the pissed on
New phrase: Conference Twenvy - n. - When a bunch of people you follow on Twitter are at the same conference and you're not.
all that dick in your mouth, was it good?
Now you're just somebody that I used to know...
It was because he insisted he was reforming before he'd ever heard of Luther. You know, I liked this band before they were popular
Praying for an Arts & Enterainment & Media Reformation!
please follow them too much you love yours fan please ¡¡¡¡¡ <3
Follow me now(:
#washingtonstategolf There is a new great free golf app out at android and apple app store GolfWashington. Load it on your smartphone.
Open tonight 3rd n stark late night stop for sausages! $3 dollar Beef special. Garlic ketchup, aiolis, a grip of mustards!
ik it sucks. But what u were saying earlier about just……. were u being serious?
cost of a billboard
Awww yeah! Raspberry. That's my jam.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day! Thank you to everyone who has assisted me in my learning. Have a great day.
Dentist: Doing anything fun this summer? Me: Agggrraaaagggraararaggaaa
Si. Last night. Five iPads. Five people. The #target five.
did you do the thingy ??
It's me birthday~~~ 50!
>I can sneak you in- :D
im on it!
when is the next big conference in the Atl
omg Alex finally followed me :D but still nothing from Robert ;b
follow back please? Im new.
If followed me, i would probably cry from being so happy! It would make me the happiest person ever! :)
good! my wireless keypad lets me do the same, essential when I am doing archival research < adding citations and the like >
": RT - I want OD tixs! I love the #Padres because... They made my 4yo tell me we should take the day off and go to the game!
go finish your drafts
Was Alicia made a partner or offered partnership?
Thinking about a "get sauced" party with where we drink and you get some delicious BBQ Sauce. Where to have it?
The is honored that so many students were able to experience and the video is wonderful too!
Welcome and thank you for the follow!
thank you! Hope you had a great day!
best of luck too you, miss ya!!
Hmm It has a very "planet of the apes" feel to it because it's half submerged.
Drinking Sangria coolers and taking Apple tini shots, watching some scary movie on FX. #Chillin'
Kids growing up need to take a class dedicated solely to creativity! It is so important to the development of humans!
Heavily Tattooed Ladies With Red Hair Wearing J. Crew.
Sure gonna miss you while you're gone for 2 months at bootcamp
but understanding their excuses and finding ways to change their minds is how we get recognizing to happen
i know right? omg
Yes Sir! We do. We love the guys and had a great time touring together recently in the philippines and Guam.
Schedule post
i just want to get as far away from here as i can
But first, they must be allowed to do their job. Carjackings kidnappings & killings have resumed
Missing my teddy bear at night
i mean, it was aight... i just thought it just missed slightly what they were going for
Happy 4/20! May the smoke be with you
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed lmao i wanna see whose down to name them
I kno she was way to the right she needs to scoot in
Karyn Purvis' book The Connected Child-great resource for adoptive parents.
I'm dying to see the show!! Can't wait to go see it!!
#69Factsaboutme 66. I cut my own hair.
Chaos in the world brings uneasiness, but it also allows the opportunity for creativity and growth.
Thanks! I have to thank EDUCAUSE, especially Teddy Diggs for editing and guidance.
who names their kid Metta World Peace anyways?
the lions on the move
I LOVE DOUR
Wisconsin is not broke! Except where Walker broke it.
Girl. You are the cutest ahha :) But I dont think Niall has time to come to the musical.. :/
Beach tiñe with the baby and the puppy and others. Whoop whoop!!!!
Loyal Girls Are So Hard To Find These Days
CS Lewis's surviving BBC radio address
Thanks for the follow Amanda. Hope you're doing well.
Have a need for small claims? We can serve your subject anywhere! DM me for more info. Good luck!
RT : did I see that you used 'yall' when thanking someone for a RT?? My work here is done./// shhhhhhhh
Wish I could have made it to Bamboozle to see and The Hangout Fest to see :/
because I saw Austin's poll for his next concert & I saw Tronto, Canada so I screamed yeah I live sort of close to Tronto!
Problem with most of the recent generational comparisons: they need to be longitudinal. Of course people differ in different life stages.
ikr :') i feel bad cuz i havent been around for a while /:
Also very disappointed by the end of development for the desktop app. Won't be looking at a boxee box, instead an AppleTV replacement
Looks like you'll have some comments in Pres Rhet today on the "Mission and Moment" essay.
aww ok babe thanks and ill be safe! Love ya!
5 Coolest Things. SR71 Takeoff. Forward swept wing aircraft. DC8 aircraft for flying science @ 500ft. 600 rocket launches.
Please follow us. I know we can make a difference together. -Mitch
Via: Leadershipfreak If all you care about is making the numbers, you don't care enough.
Enjoyed listening to 'Repeated Measures', thanks.
thanks, Julie!!
Falling asleep to Aaliyah >>>>
Could I plz filter my facebook feed like this >Recent>Photos>Tattoos. Yes, I wanna see how the dragon/eagle/skeleton/cliche is coming along
nah. i run shutup.css on most sites so i dont see comments.
I ain't scared
Practice tonight at 7 at the SM Middle School. Be there or let us know why you can't. We need to work and work together.
if you got a man that love you....... retweet this
why am I physic? Haha
haha for sure, I won't forget neither lol
Oops. I added you to a list, so you're in my TweetDeck, but I didn't follow you!
Ladies Thanksgiving is approaching, make sure you book your hair appointments now before I'm all booked! (813) 910-2770
compared to what? #wiredwaffles are all natural and have the caffeine content of a large cup of coffee.
see this is why I just stick to band guys and skip all the bull shit xD
haha! thanks! most of the time they don't even phase me because I'm so used to it.
MSFT "zuned" themselves by being years late to the party. WP will do it again. Ok products, way late.
CONGRATULATIONS to on winning the #Lisagor :)!
Talks discussing font and mise-en-page as evidence should include images, no?
Happy birthday We hope your day was filled lots of love and lots of baked goods. Hope you have a great rest of the day!
“: Girls that touch and hang off their boyfriends constantly annoy me ” yes wtf?!? Insecure much?
thinkin about hittin this #Braves #VSUAlumni night :) anyone else??
how much does a gym personal trainer usually charge per hour?
So upset that Sarris' is on fire. Hope everyone is safe.
Teaching over for the year; summer writing already underway. Reread of book begins tomorrow, 5 a.m. to target problem areas
I could only find it on TNT miss Ralph and Mike!
Ding, ding, ding. Yes, Cory Joseph is the sixth and final. You sure know your #Canadian NBA players. Congrats.
Book signing event! Katherine A. Meyer will be signing copies of Grosvenor Square on Oct. 7 at Hill Country Bookstore in Georgetown, TX!
#RIP Maurice Sendak, #WhereTheWildThingsAre was a childhood favorite of mine!
Don't know much about this Jonny Steele type. But that was a golazo by him to tie it. Special for Great goals in this game.
im playing call of duty!!! CUZ ALL I SEE ARE GRENADES!! ;')
thanks for the RT
I think im going to bed. Night
Am I the only one that likes goosebumps..?
It's Friday, Friday...but what is even better is reminiscing about 90210's musical guests back in the day at the Peach Pit.
do you tweet all your articles? I want my life to be interrupted when you post something.
SO I HAVE TO REALLY SIT THRU THIS GAME -_-
GAMEDAY!!! opens a huge series at Stetson at 630pm! Listen on
Planning a Party??? ---> www.patrickscatering.com
I guess I should go look at the new Google+ everyone is talking about.
Catch Curator Ben Thompson Saturday morning on in the 7am hour. He will be discussing the new exhibition ReFocus: Art of the 1970s.
nun much just chillin... wat about u
Ok..Yuh made up that title???
My sisters stupid -.-
Patrick is Monday, lyndsay is Tuesday, keith is Wednesday and brent is Thursday, we still are looking for our Friday.
Happy Birthday i love you and your such an inspiration:)
please don't!
Still working to complete a bridge for my 2nd single 'Do You Know'. Not a writer's block issue, lyrics are all there. Finding a melody shift
If you really fancy something, sleep on it for a night. You'll realize that its less enticing the following day.
I need to stop wasting my phone battery in class. 62% what have I been doing?
#mysuperpower read minds cause u really confuse me
we proudly donate a portion of every panty sale to the charitable organizations that make a difference in all of our lives. It's that easy!
Just stick with the whiskey bro RT : Is Bud Ice a ghetto beer?
Are you dolphin still? We have presents for you!
Chugged three Dr. Pepper's in a row without burping...now i feel the heartburn coming on and i'm burping till His Kingdom comes! Lol
I'd love it if you would and apply for #b2B #sales positions at #ADP in #Princeton #NYC - Tweet me!
is to Apps, what DeLorean was to cars. Cool, fun and stylish then run into the ground... Well minus the cocaine charges
haha ok lets take a break from the tweeting soo i wont go in tj
only cause u the best
The superiority of haploidentical related stem cell transplantation to ...
When we cover something that's been covered elsewhere, we generally italicize the name of publication in body, link via source
hey! Try to make it out tonight to dirty trix!
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
i hope i dont never hit 900 tweets cause i love doinn this withh my babii
When will soccer "pundits" stop talking about Kenny Cooper as a viable option up front for US nat'l team?! He has NEVER produced. Move on.
Just saw Jeff Garlin chewing food while driving a small car near Farmers Market. Contain your excitement over this tweet, everybody.
they get progressively funnier, now what the heck do we shoot tonight
Apparently it did!!!
Dear , I mean I guess I can forgive you. No wonder I hardly saw my #1 photographer. How amazing was that slushie though eh
Omg one more class then it's the weekend Cereal Bowles
Damn you KB!!!! Nigga done hit 43!
I just saw on the commercial for that new show Duets on ABC. I recognized her by her tattoos!
try holding you finger over the "n" key and the "ñ" key will pop up as an option!
I was just going to rest my eyes for a few minutes, end up taking a 2 hour nap
So Beyoncé opted for the name Blue Ivy? Why not Purple Ficus or Crimson Juniper?
You are amazing! #Blissdom mamas are behind you all the way!
it's been suggested
It's dark outside
Another day in the books. One day closer to summer
i close my eyes and all i see is you! follow back? C;♥
i need to jump on that game of thrones band wagon
I just had this moment staring at the moon outside my window and realized how far away I am from home
Virgin Islands*
k will do
Chris! How are you?! What are the dates you will be in???
thanks cousin.
When God gives you a vision, it should not be debated.
Celebrate suds! Today is International Beer Day! Our craft-style beers are only $3 ea from 5-7pm
Starbucks Coffee participates in Florida by offering FREE Cup of Coffee with no purchase necessary. Posting January, 2012
no problem, I will miss your imagines a lot though :(
"Young Guard Money Hogs" is our name
Thank you! I really appreciate it. Glad to know people are out supporting #LAthtr !
There's nothing better than good drinks with good friends. It's #thelittlethings!
they're yours! Just DM your email and I'll send them to you.
not even exagerating my stomach looks like i'm mixed and just went tanning...
Is it ok if we DL some of the flickr pictures from #AirAustin? I see that they have "all rights reserved" for the photos.
happy birthday man!
Your #thevoice commentary is spot on! A round of #golfclaps for you. Done.
Don't let your dreams stay dreams, make them become reality.
Making plans for next book signings and events.
Forever is a long time but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side :)
Making some progress. Should have a beta website done within the next few weeks.
Michelle Bachmann is trying to get her votes where she can hahaha. Although with that hairstyle I doubt she has rhythm lol.
Fake A#$% Stephanie Mills
GoodNight&&SweetDreams Twitter(:
Good night all!! Great #blogtrends chat tonight. Have a great week!!
OMG I KNOW. he said he's uploading another one when he gets back from rehearsals i can't wait
#WhyDoPeople hate on others to feel better about themselves?
#MakesMeSMH when taxpayers act surprised at their tax obligation/refund results..changes in tax laws and taxpayer circumstances will do that
We are holding a Free educational seminar here in Las Vegas on Wednesday the 28th. please go to our website to find out how to RSVP.
Nice play by Holtby cutting down Chara's angle. Chara could have shot that earlier though
lol i know thats why i just call you a asshole and keep it moving lmao
Girl you're on a roll!
Close second best birthday present: autographed Thomas Dolby CD. Squee!
holy shit am I gonna be an uncle?
Man both of these teams stink. This NL central is really funny. Cardinals>>>Scrubs
I can't believe Artie got taken out like that from Backstrom
O.H., girl on phone: Um, I'm in line to see the Hunger Games. (beat) Cause it's awesome?
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.-- Bill Cosby
Hangover never again I feel like I was in a movie
that is a problem that needs to be fixed.
Yep, 's the man! RT : BTW every startup should thank for Venturehacks and !
Nope. I'm very happy with my decision.
And I just wish I could graduate! Also, as a journalist, you are obligated to print any story I pitch to you. FYI
I can't have a friend haha sorry u don't have any cause u stuck up ur girl ass lol
agreed. I would like to read the novels, I am intrigued by Thomas Harris, what happened with Hbal rising though?
You gave birth to rats?????? Alright?
he was there for a radio visit, so it wasn't an interview so he was in and out
Wonder wat wer gonna do with it! ;)
in New Jersey
Q2 #ITChat What technology do you need to succeed globally? Define success how you see fit. | via
I'm at Le Cirque in NYC for a special dinner. This is probably like a normal Tuesday night for
We've reached the useful end of the Internet when people start checking in at their gynecologist.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet because he inspires me to continue singing and work on my voice, he also seems really cool and stuff :D
Oh, well that's just what the world needs rights now...
I miss you
Next time I go to the barber I'm getting "The Brock"
Critics and Comics have one thing in common HUMOR!
DAMN...Ashley S, even I knew Bentley(??) wasn't right... another Emily incident
Reading The Moonstone by Wilkie Colins - like it as a mystery, but love the humor! Miss Clack & her precious tracts...
Lets go Bubba
Performing at Broadway Comedy Club in about 45 min. Come out!
Happy Birthday hun!! Hope your days' amazing!!<3
I'll pass along my congrats, too. Look forward to thinking about it alongside Black Hearts.
I hate changing baby they get Shit every wear ugh........
I have little mr. ADHD who's been told by his parents no more computer, but he became impossible & they've given up.
don't make me split your shit player lol
Best out of office response ever: "Back the 15th, unless we capsize."
time to go chill nd listen to
I already had some, but it wasn't cold! Extra stop on way home = small price to pay for good, cold beer.
Gonna go eat after school and be board cause big bear isn't here to fuck around with afterward
that would be great for my newest blog idea, "These Are My Day Pajamas"
Happy Mothers Day to all the mothers today!
Devin?! You must be crazy. Getting Kidd was the first step in getting that big gold trophy.
Chun: Notion of personal network computer can only be an oxymoron.
Y Do I Still Feel Lik Dis
Guy @ the gym oiling up b4 his workout and now he's leaving oil stains on every piece of equipment. Seriously. I'm going to call him "BP"
We have various designers in our lobby right now selling jewlery, accessories, handbags and photgraphy. Come check it out!
"There is only one secret to #CrisisComm, always be prepared." - David Marriott on the accident of 2000.
Tomorrow I'll be making a guest appearance at the Grand Ave Lounge...
To be quite honest, I've been very blessed when I've worked with Hollywood. -- Nicholas Sparks
Whitney Houston is gone, now how about we get rid of the "whitney" TV show while the name is trending
RT : I am ready for the next #teenhoot (:
Kick it out only if you can't make the shot! PS I think you are Great!!
Watching Tina Marie....wow hard to believe she's gone.
QoTD: "Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." (George Bernard Shaw)
True but Im going to error on the side of the technicals which look bearish to me
Seen on CNN there is a new smart phone App being introduced that anyone with in 150 ft of each other can see each others photos. Creepy!!!
RT - Taylor will sign a one-day contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars on Friday.
People REALLY need to keep their opinions to themselves sometimes...
Pondering over what my next painting will be once I hit the 2-week break before my next class begins. Something mysterious I think . .
Last few tweets are sidenotes from Swarupa Anila, Detroit Institute of Arts
Say more about Harvard Thinks Big. What is it?
this game might drive me nuts.....
RT : family friendly is all about Orlando City Soccer games! The bigger the team gets the better it impacts our local economy!
Who out chea fuckin wit me.. huh tell me that?... Im bout 2 drop that shit... where my pamper at?!
Ticket Mouse Droppings
It's depressing knowing that these tribe "fans" thrive off of Ubaldo making mistakes. it's (some of) your guys' favorite thing in the world.
anyone want a ship? tweet me a number and a pic(:
because they are the enemy!
definitely shotgun no blitz
And we meant every word. Can't wait to see what you come up with next :)
meet I bet you guys will have lots of great Twitter conversations.
Join us! Banned Books Week, Sept. 24 - Oct. 1, virtual Read-out on YouTube at www.youtube.com/bannedbooksweek .
I ran out of room, so I'm listening to it now.
Stephen Colbert doing push ups with an 80 year old man. Priceless.
You boys have room for a mendicant?
80% of population will have back pain in their life.
We got ourselves a tissue box of Righteous Ale. Haven't tried it yet, but you'll see it on Drinky when we do
2 problems. 1, You have to sacrifice caffeine. 2, You have to get close enough to give one caffeine.
Woo hoo!! Back to business!! Hopefully I'll begin teaching classes at the local community college shortly. :D :D :D
Rocking Pat Benatar in the office this morning - thanks !
"you've the strength of the greeks. you are God's masterpiece" if you're not listening to king charles "love lust",
J Lo is so fine
AMAZING hopefully I can come probably will mwaaa 😊❤💗
Really had a great time as well, fun talking to the filmmakers and audience alike - oh, and you looked marvelous.
Met at the & luncheon .. See the pic at 8 News Now FB page.
thanks for RT!!!
"Does this dress make me look fat?"
yeah. Against people who've been losing. We've got troubles.
Loving the immense support for
A bowl of soup and a camera! Get creative with it! Two beards, one soup is always a popular choice
great win ducks lets wrap up the washington sweep on saturday
Sotomayor cartoon: "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it."
1st time on twitter today thanks 2 commitment 2 single-tasking. Good or bad thing? Not sure, but I do feel like I've gotten more done 2day.
My new years resolution will have something to do with never having to untangle Christmas lights again. It will begin with a prelit tree.
Cash rules everything around me..
Plus (though he's out with an injury) Linebrink is never the solution to any problem.
ah yeah lol
Cause I thought you were coming down to my place with the boys.
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <3
I'll keep you posted big man!
I'm done making fun of Gingrich. I just told my 4 yr old son Sammy we were gonna colonize the moon and he though it was an awesome idea.
Do you have any strange #snacking habits? For me, its frozen corn kernels...
Tasters made it fun yesterday. Thx to (nice stream of the event), , and champion tweeter
Thedoor was thick, solid oak slabs
Childish in the new RG3 commercial >>>>
If you want to talk to me, talk to me, if you have something to say, say it! why is that so hard?
Ruben, thanks for connecting! How are you? Matthew
is digging live Coachella on youtube
You can't runaway from something if its meant to be.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful
The despair of #poverty led to an aching heart and hunger to find a #sustainble solution. ~ #M121 CEO Brad Jeffery
Hoorah! Ya can't beat a bit of bully! :-D!
#eli2012 blended - teachers changes in teaching: Enrich with tech, planned better, differentiated between modes, slow down F2F teaching
the dope boy is in the building!
Thanks for the invite!!! -JO
Went from watching Royal Wedding footage to watching South Park & Strike Witches. So much for culture & fashion.
Applying for jobs is exhausting - four job apps later and I still feel like I did nothing but sit on the internet all day.
im selling REALLY NICE dresses for my grandma , ngl there nice... reply if intrested
Still trying to figure you out?
this weekend was one of the best weekends of my life! Im sad that its coming to a close but hopefully Ill get to visit again soon!
Happy birthday Marines. You're the reason diplomacy works.
Nothing beats the smell of wood being cut. The chair for #Rings (working title) is starting to take shape. - CC
Another odd #celtics ending...
Camp electric orientation. Wahoo!
I LOVE how Alexa takes the time to re tweet her fans 😌 It's just something every star should do.
Bitches hste for no reason
I understand your point, but as Ron said at the last debate "team players" are what got us into this mess
I'll be the downer session. Just wait!
HA! #LoveIt RT: #PIMPtipoftheday: If someone has rancid breath, tell them.
Playing some super monday night combat! Good work
I'm gonna miss high school /;
www.beautifull.com The new site design implemented by Fluid launches! Check it out and get beautifull.
lol sorry for late reply but aw :/ but I think they will come eventually they know they have fans over there
thanks for following me too. I have 2 girls as well, 9 & 5. 5 yr old has multiple FAs (pnut/egg/soy...) EoE & few other things.
just want you to know that you've tweeted 64,000 times. Chill out maybe?
congrats! But what is that?
My Popz use to call a nigga yum yum eat em up lol remember dat
AH!!! WHO'S READY FOR BELIEVE, COME ON LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE:) tweet me with #ReadyForBelieve and I'll RT IT Leggo <3
"An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one." ~ Charles Horton Cooley
my daugher has successfully hidden my phone from me and left it in the sunny yard all weekend and dumped a glass of milk on my laptop!!!
getting my hair wbu
RT : (client) represented by President Eric Tobias at todays !
what an exciting/fun job to step in to!
it is not wise to always be a logical ... but it is a logical to always be wise.... stay thirsty my friends...
Got a fan in my room!
"Classrooms are one of the last places in society where we can have a sustained conversation about something." Not sure I agree.
first tweet?
You're coming to NYC? Let me know if you have time to get lunch! :)
honestly i dnt care if he do or not it's a show b u still think his arm is broke its a show not real
your welcome! my pleasure love hows your day going so far?
Kaylee Deluga recently signed an athletic scholarship to Saint Anselms College in New Hampshire for volleyball.
Did CBS switch to a rugby game?
Thanks! It's always been a huge favorite :)
I went with a sleeve.. now thinking it was not the way to go. YMMV.
and I need a new closer
#BibleStudy poppin collars putting this Jesus swag on display!
Time for the draft...watching with ice on the knees and on the back. Ah. Let's do this
Follow me? ;) #MonsterFamily!!
Join us this Friday for our black love panel! 6pm at the center!
Its like yes, 2 days? Its isn't even enough to sleep.
Merry Xmas, Kiss my ass, kiss his ass, kiss your ass....Happy Chanukah ....I wasn't a fan of Vegas
Is it a good book?
Checking out the EXPO room before the cracked.com humor panel starts.
Pumps In A Bump RT : Thriller RT Big Pimpin RT : What's the name of Chris and Rihanna new song?
Is it me or does JD look a little like the actor Simon Baker?
BIG thx to sponsors for bringing the fun, food and inFOgraphics (see what I did?) posters!
motion city soundtrack dropped out. Sadface. :-(
Today "is a new day, a fresh start, and a clean slate" - plus I get to see my girl !!! And my very first NYC friend
know where you're going w/ this but the yellow band stands on the very big shoulders of decades of individual giving!
#middleschoolmemories The Day I met My BestFriend And Sister ..and the day we all First Went out as a group-
gave my bro a share of stock, tough to find Packer stuff in Boise
Hope we are in the running for it.
Will you be able to come in and see it in person?
awesome! Wish I was there too...hope yer well my friend!
RT : RT Tennessee State Library&Archives acquires CivilWar dispatches from 16th U.S. Colored Infantry bit.ly/pNfB4k
turning up my music and gonna finish strong
I've read some shitty compilations of year-end lists from for a while now, but that was by far the shittiest.
My mom knows better not to make any plans on thursday bc it's 's blog tv day :)
Watchin me some
iLove You To!!
you suck!!!
THUNDER TIME :)
Holy crap, #TheAvengers. Can't get over the second post-credits scene. Ha!
Just got home from the fun spot :D EPIC
Just got done washn my hair
Why the hell is it 4:24 AM and i'm still awake???
oh man can I try this?
Please help my wife! She's having an art show contest in Las Vegas tonight! Vote by texting "Shana" to 330-831-9593 Tell ur friends! Thx
#OnFire RT : I exist, I create , I love is the cry of the soul.
Fabian Weiß | Lala Life Beijing | PRIVATE magazine
I absolutely LOVE being a#Belieber I would never leave this fan base is always supporting his fans & we can't thank him enough
How then do you explain her being in full makeup in motherfucking pajamas? HM?
Writen to mercy
Erm, I mean
PA appointed new delegates to Congress J Morton, J Dickinson, R Morris, B Franklin, C Humphreys, E Biddle, T Willing, A Allen, and J Wilson
that's satin. that's a fabric.
#whosgonnalose - Tampa Bay at New Orleans - Tampa Bay will lose
I want a cake!
I just spelled my name phonetically and realized how much easier life is going to be come October.
why what's good nigga? What time is the gym
Thank You Elvis for taking Me Home!!!
I would also like to see your tax filings.
Thanks. Sports and politics are the fields of my expertise, and bizarrely similar in ways that reveal themselves every day.
get well soon :):) just don't do anything crazy Lol ;P
Thanx to Austin Mahone for his wonderful inspiration on singing i am now on youtube doing what i love singing thank you Austin Mahone :)
another gorgeous day, not a cloud in the sky. looks like spring has sprung. Happy Friday!
Holy god lsac, they're SCANTRONS. post my score already.
You know I didn't mean what I've just said
Gotta love it when the "lovable loosers" live up to their namesake!!
I hate it when tricks like try to be cool and ignore me
great work!
Anybody have a good recipe using Malibu Rum? On sale now for only $23.99 (1.5L).
hahahah I wish I was there to see that
thanks for the followw :)
You've got Smith 2X “: #Hawks starters: Smith, Teague, Johnson, Williams, Smith. #Celtics #NBA”
Lisa should be great. Just keep up with the work/deadlines and you'll be fine.
One thing we are not, is film snobs. We love television! What new shows are you looking forward to this fall?
IMDB Pro on my iPhone...Very useful!
I made the decision. I'm accountable. ~Janet Reno
First person to tweet me <3 gets a shoutout!(:
Another show next Friday in a house in Ravenswood--will send details. Directed the show--it's going really well.
I hope you are ok
Me 2 Let me know how it is : Okay, I'm going with CASABLANCA for my evening movie, since (believe it or not) I've never seen it
Shot, that's lifting time and we skipped one day already this week :(
Social data is the genome of your business because it provides the blueprint to make it stronger & healthier says
No, I'm an idiot! Trust me on this. :-)
That awkward moment when you're ready to fuck her, pull your dick out, she gabs it, & starts laughing at how small your shit is!
Just uncovered another ole gem of a to do list. This one goes a little like this: cat medicine, glasses, lease, chi, toys. (Toys?!)
can't wait to see u boo
anyone know an IP laywer i could chat with (for free) in #pittsburgh? have some questions about terms of service, copyright, etc. PM if yes.
nah lol I'm not
Escape your cubicles today at lunch and join us on the sunny patio! Spring is here!
This is happening: tour field trip. Tuesday. Thanks to & My scholars are gonna love it.
I appreciate that very much ;)
Wanna laugh so bad lmao
obviously not as fast as your taking over the world! Hope all is well.
Pretty sure Tez ask's me to hang out before you when he ain't with his gf and that's the only bro I actually chill with.
Popchips get me through until lunch
I like the play-dough idea
Watching #GranTorino again :) One of my fav movies! #ClintEastwood will always be my hero
Just like last time bad call by the refs that screwed the
meeeeeh To My New Followers -
Good general advice: don't be too disappointed when the students aren't as excited as you abt the topic!
Those are just the Opta chalkboards, using the Opta data, I just select the time frame and what to show; not quite like This11
I vote that you give up making that promise.
n how r u doing sir
Make a big impact to your clients with Full Color Foam Board Printing at NYC Printing 123. Call now for more information at...
Yep. Heading out around 10:30. Then I have to pick up my Sherpa and set up the IGS booth. Then I can play!
#IntlWaters hits two things I really like: the wry humor of and my blatant Anglophilia.
Mid-term Supervisor evaluations due Friday! The form is on D2L. It can be submitted via dropbox, email, fax or turn in the hard copy.
Everyone follow our owners: &
Slated to join the #Brewers pregame show around 2 p.m. today. Just hoping I don't get hurt doing it.
great trip home frm lax to dtw via ord. Much better than the trip out - trapped for an hour on the lax tarmac
what did i ask
let's turn around and go back, buy a tent and live there until we get enough money.
I can't wait to chop off your penis and take it to Idewild and give the geese a treat
Another beautiful day in the big apple! Going to the park today for a walk. #NY Rehearsal for tonight, 9:30 show Metropolitan Room
You're 1 of 4 players in UK history to shoot 44% FG, 81% FT, and 37% 3PFG for an entire career (T. Ford, D. Lamb, D. Miller)
Walked to the gym b/c I was too lazy to drive.
I am a twit twat but will try to figure out how to do so just for you! X
At willies locally known with Laura Bell Bundy bout to jam a few tunes. Come hang out with us-BH
Headed to the #SammyAdams video shoot for his new single "Only One".
thanks for the RT!
Aw shucks, , I got lots of girlfriends. is just my Bottom Bitch. #DoYouKnowWhatIAmSaying?
Well... The #Saints are screwed for this #NFL season... Villma 1 year suspension, Hargrove 8 games, Will Smith 5 and Fujita 3 games
I can't wait until Christmas
didn't hear about it. hope the dude wasn't involved.
Hi everyone. Just let me know timing, and I'll arrange an interview with co-founders, Mike and Karyn Morrill.
I'm excited to experience Baltimore - any restaurants you'd suggest visiting?
Sunday Brunch Is ON at the Blossoming Lotus Now ~ Come By for A Fix and Florentine and so Much More ~ Celebrate the New Year in Lotus Style
Lets Go Do This For …
I hate always having to say, "I can't. I have to study." I wish people would stop asking me to do things! 😠
Rumored: Desktops & laptops running HPs webOS later in 2011? Awesome! (Pining for my beloved Palm/Clie devices 1998-2006. Emulator please?!)
this TNT announcer is one of the worst I've ever heard
Love the song and video!!
why why why
Thanks for following. Have an awesome day
I have a random list of 80's songs stuck in my head...
with 22 points with 12:02 in the half, the #Badgers have 6 more points than they managed in the first half of the 1st round loss last yr.
Public agencies are businesses! If their books dont balance they stop working and that donest help anyone
thanks for fallowing! :)
Good Morning Everyone :{) how are ya'll doing? :-)
You have won me over. When I am nice, they smile and say my thoughts are great and then walk away. No more mr nice guy
Pain is nothing compared to what it feels like to quit. -Author Unknown
5 MORE FOLLOWERS TILL 600? omg just last week i hit 500 followers... :D you guys are awesome!! Adding more pics on our twitpic...
We're stacking some 114 year old pine beams in our warehouse before Alex hits. Are you ready for the storm?
u, , and did that. Y'all stay ballin in the mix
Thanks, always nice to hear! So funny that ones brain/thoughts are the hardest thing about running 26.2 NOT the actual running
That guy does a lot of crack that's why his nose looks like that.
Woo!! Nice win X!
that's deep
"Whatever happens, conduct yourselves in a manner worthy of the gospel of Christ" Philipians 1:27 Whatever happens......
51 degrees right now. It will be a cold night at #Fenway with , Scopian and Big Bear.
I don't get it
I mean, idc .. I was just asking
Congrats to Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer! :)
I am in NY Mar 23-29th, at Metropolitan Room on the 28th, is there a Jazz Night that last week? Would love to come see it.
dude the one by me has 2 floors and they are HUGE. I lost my dad in there. Loll
these two are my favorites and i think they know it lol lol
On my way to #srir11 in #NOLA, lots of exciting stuff to look forward to, I'll be tweeting thoughts and pics from follow along!
no, just stay an extra month and you'll be good!
#kentucky is will always be my fav Team!!
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO please follow him, hes awesome!!!!
Louis C.K. would make an awesome Ghostbuster
RWE wants to welcome former Ms. America, Jane Park Smith, to our Honorary/Advisory Board!
Got a hot song coming for yall be on the look out youtube.com/ABTheRapper
yep I always get them speeds up recovery and I have to be able to sing
Bustin' loose from this mortal coil.
Watching #OnceUponATime . You guys keep my wife and I glued week after week.
smashin this ice cream! this shit qood as hell !
I need #MORETHANTHIS.....constantly working towards a better ME💙
That's Weird. :(
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
it's kind of a predictable #1 for me.Malick's the only director to make my top pick for every year he releases a film
Shifting configurations of physical & virtual occupation as key horizon for reshaping models of political persuasion & effecting change.
New day! But still pretty bummed about SU's loss and how it went down. Can't remember the last time I was this upset over an Orange loss.
Per police scanner - pushing, shoving, death threats in line at Boulder Best Buy.
You need to check out a more unheard of diaper dandy in Hassan Whiteside for Marshall when you get the chance.
Anyone saw the stage show Wicked? It was Wicked!
Oh boy! a non union commercial audition @ 6 pm that's a 1 hour drive RT & burn mad gas during traffic AND it's a $100 Buyout? Fuck off! Ugh
love you baby (: i'm fine^_^ but my mom wouldn't take me over there by taco bell. She took me to Arbys :/
bill bryson's "at home: a short history of private life" is fascinating. I had no idea corn is completely dependent on humans.
Its uber hot outside
it's amazing:)
An extra bonus for the person who photoshops Hilary Rosen into Million Dollar Baby. (what can't she do!)
Ok the real reason I'm interested in #linsanity is he gives us non thug #NBA fans a non thug to cheer for
Business is good; we're busy like our friends at Dunkin' :)
prices ? Lingerie ok?
thanks its easy to make would you like to know how to do it
I'll be there. I've been practicing my raps too
Nice piece, Matt. Always happy to help.
And now i guess i should go to sleep cause the babies get up #tooearly everyday :)
My laundry looks like the Trash Heap from Fraggle Rock. It's slowly inching its way towards me, about to swallow me whole. Brunch first!
Happy Easter from Uncle Jim's Foods!
Kony 2012 came and went faster than The Macarena
ever have the Peking Duck at the Peking Duck house in NYC? yum!
yeah not too bad! Haha :)
@ subway they are taking 4 eva
Too bad I didn't bet! Fun day watching all of the festivities!
Have an awesome time-say hi to all our music buds!
haha no doubt. keep that good music coming!
lmao my left calf hurts way more lmao
Looking good, Tutan!
Steal away, friend! I can't wait to see what images you collect!!
Chocolate Train: Business boomed today at the See's Candies HQ on La Cienega due to
Thanks Mary! It almost sounded like I knew what I was talking about!
1 more follower to 200. Anyone?!!
beating the heat...by hiding in the basement
HAHA :( how do we go about getting one of those.... ?
I feel like I live in weho... lol
$240?!? Not sure how I've managed to stay ticket free all of college so far...
Trying to get back on the twitter thing... Let's see how long that last! lol
5 Ways an iPad Can Transform Bad Meetings
All the books in the world contain no more information than is broadcast as video in an American city in a year ~C.Sagan
Here's a helpful tip from Kwik Kar: It is recommended that you have your vehicle's wheels rotated every 7,500 miles!!! Happy Car. Happy You.
hey how did you do in the pgh marathon
I get bored of people to quick. I think I'm going to forever be alone.
Wondering what the Native Americans think of the "Occupy" movement.
Show with , ShowCage, and March 10! $7 all ages! (via )
damage done in an aggressive cribbage game or tossing a football? RT Just tore a giant hole in my shirt. Fricken a.
Get your Business needs handled at a fraction of the price of half of what you would pay with more of your input! Diamond Dezign Ideas!
I'll beat you like you stole something. Go back to work
Hi John. I loved the old one better myself. Upper deck was closer to field & stadium noise was MUCH louder !
I feel the same way !!
Did you end up going to disneyland earlier today?
ew lifesaver gummies? of all the choices you picked those? gross.
Running x Writing... Mentally Stimulating 👍
I Want A Banana. Lemme See If We Got Sum At Work.
information overload was a complete success - some times the facts speak for themselves...
Keep a look out for LadyVixens.com
Congrats to #Lacey on their strong showing in the National Mayor's Challenge for Water Conservation!
Off to pour wine for 27 at the Boston Athenaeum. :)
You'll always be my hero, even though you've lost your mind.
Sitting in the backyard, enjoying good conversation with good friends. Cool breeze is blowin'...it's been a great day. Good night, friends..
I can lay in bed and watch Friday Night Lights on Netflix ALL day.
I want to write a blog post but I have so much work! AAhhhh!
But I ain't Rich..
#ThingsThatBotherMe dishonesty. People just need to admit their mistakes and move on. It's easy to say you were wrong than to lie about it.
I guess.
I'm so down
Not a fan of the Foo Fighters! loves them!
I'm doing research & need some material from some old Manila Chronicle, does the museum handle this?
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
No swim last night due to wet basement, hail, flooded neighborhood. Need a re-do!
Being happy doesn't mean everything is perfect. It mean you've decided to see beyond the imperfections.
Word of the day: Gumption
#ShituSeeOnTheGbus girls changing there babies shitty pampers
I Always Fall For It When Says "They Looking For You"
Go VOTE!
if you have to choose between me and her, pick her. because if you really loved me? there wouldn't be a choice.
Saw an advance screening of Jane Eyre last night. I don't think anyone involved had ever read Wide Sargasso Sea. Bah.
and Joe Fraizer all in one day jeez
Thanks so much for coming last night!
awesome seeing you at the cellar last week, man.
Let's grab VY, and Reggie Bush while we're at it as reassemble the top 10 of 2006 Draft
Today was the day Bonnie & Clyde died...interesting
You should at least be able to peep the same KIND of game at least. You shouldn't get played the same way with EVERY person
Hey Dre'! Will Quidam be making a trip around the Jacksonville, FL area anytime soon?
And I don't think Cal is dirty. I think he works the NCAA's "gray" areas like no other. Nothing illegal, but maybe on the line
lets pray I don't run into this bear
overall it really is lol just certain things when a good girlfriend would come in hand..
Today in Literary History: On March 22, 1908 Louis L'Amour was born in North Dakota.
deffo when they sang that "being mature" song. YEAH OK, we all know your not mature. :)
And its your hometown. I respect that. I have a couple buddies that are Husker fans. I just love the game!
RSD is about supporting our local record stores & getting people back into real music stores, it's not about ripping people off
Are we having a #Fifaparty or what?
Someone plz tweet me
always, always! ;)
S/0 to all those hialeah girls. Adding "-ita" to the end of your name doesn't always work how it should.
Diggin' ya on Troubadour... Born in the City is a great song. I'm a singer/songwriter and I appreciate you as a performer.
is scheduled to play on FreshTV March 17! More details soon!
I bet i would be too! But you deserve it girl!!
And yes, I am a "ObamaBot" If you don't like it, there's a little button that says "UnFollow"
so you think im a bitch? this is nothing.. yet :)
Checking in @ Glee Event @ Television Academy. "Gleeks" Everywhere including my daughter. She is Thrilled to be here as am I!
Come! RT Have a meeting 2day dangerously close to , may have to pop in and see the beauteuous girls and goodies!
Er... lay off. Still not good.
did catch your name and im ryan bartling
TUNES AT MONONA TERRACE Wednesday 5:30pm - An Evening with Ole Blue Eyes A Tribute to Frank Sinatra
updating lock to daylight savings time, what fun
#PLUR Peace. Love. Unity. Respect. These are the things I will never forget. <3
S/O to Law&Order for playing rape episodes on Mothers Day...Da fuck?
ok, sign me up for that one too.
#Random, but do other people also enjoy snapping their toes? I've rediscovered this
writing a press release for next weeks artist panels and getting ready for artomatic this evening
crying from #turntoyou it brings up so many memories and I can relate to everything. thank you so much I am so inspired
...count on your INSIGHT and ADAPTABILITY to navigate obstacles and uncertainty!!! ;-)
nice! I wanted one as soon as I saw that video.
3 back to back finals today, wish me luck! :p
when my teacher points out that my face is swollen ya thanks for pointing out the obvious I just had my wisdom teeth cut out!
Only on a liberal arts college campus would you hear guys discussing how America is like the Hunger Games
Damn Just got my ass beat by in cribbage...again! i cant not wait for Cribbage12 to come out so i can finally beat Tito!
#Levin gives verbal beating to caller, while making best case why ONLY a real conservative can defeat Barack Obama
What gossip? No idea what your talking about.
Yes. I do believe today to be a sunshine & wind in your face kind of day.
Headed to the Men's Basketball game today? Don't miss half time, you are in for a treat! Oh and Go Pack Go!
Follow us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/envillepublishing
Do you like the Twitter app any better?
The niggas in my circle now is the niggas who really kno wtf I go through on a daily bitches don't mean shyt to me they only after my money
Try a mortar and welcome the skylight opportunity..
#lmc break a leg Leslie!
a good 45-hour in the morning. luckily i've been working super late so i don't hit much traffic (30 mins) at night.
Fucking 12, 13 & 14 year olds need to stop saying they have swag. Like stfu, just cause bieber says it doesnt mean you got it. #annoying -_-
WOW! well, i have quite a few options to look into now! thanks :)
i used to sell drugs until i realized there is no money in crack! this aint the fucking 80s.
Man I bored need something to do.
Stop, now make that motherfucker hammertime;
please follow me biggest fan ever
Ha! True. That green was one of the first things I checked if I could change.
I will hopefully have some kegs soon.
awesome! It's raining here - is it raining in Indy? What do the shirts look like?
": Folks, it's cold tonight in IA, so I went with a hat, for better or worse" HA well played chuck Todd well played
thank you so much for your support!
RT : You guys should all follow Great travel advice :)
look like they're reading each others minds today. They're totally on.
Every January 1st, there is a huge spike in interest in losing weight
May we suggest the sunny comfort and luxury of Xona Resort Suites in Scottsdale, Arizona? :)
"Citi Cards" Just what America needs - American jobs that HURT Americans - Please fire yourself, I'm busy today.
Railing PokerStars mix games that is. Almost two weeks out from surgery and arm still needs a sling. Guess I could play 20/40 lhe locally
Believe it or not, I'm STILL going round & round with the site host. They seem to think I have nothing else to do but that.
Get downtown and have a drink w/Claudia ! She the hottest most fab server #downtownlv!
What are you doing! Get out of there, you sell out!!
lol! will it traumatize me?! I'm going to watch it!
#WeWontWork for free!
Darvish is getting stroked
If hell is other people, then, considering we're born wedded to ourselves and incapable of filing for divorce, where are we when alone?
Are you craving for ? $3 Chicken and Waffles. Only w/ a
Blocked from my mind RT : Rockets won title in 1995 with 47 wins.
Lou, its a BS article that was first published 2 years ago on the site. They just changed the photo. Embarassing!
speak your heart, don't bite your tounge
Sam Young has a PER of -83.6 in the Playoffs.
Wishing u all a Blessed & Happy New Year my lovelies! May ur light shine on the ones less fortunate and make their year as blessed as urs!
Belatedly agreeing with your take on Cohen's weird & self-serving NYT review of "The Instructions." I'm w/ you (loved the book).
Sat with an Isagenix colleague about social media and using it for networking. We both had great takeaway!
#alatt there's still a homeless droid (w/ a dead battery) in the thinktank. Anyone missing their phone?
literally or figuratively? Lawlz
you can play "fag" chord tho
Gingrich...was a soft package of sour narcissism, like a moldering lemon w/ a sunken white fuzzy spot where his head should be
RT : I am very proud of the fact that I have NEVER watched an episode of Glee and I plan on keeping it that way.
thanks love😘 miss u!!
how do.you think I feel.
Thank you for the follow!!
YES HAHAHHA! <3 with jamiee! the pretty girl i showed u (:
Glad you enjoyed it! I was just listening to All My Sons with #JulieHarris. One of my all time faves!
Kentucky 75 Kansas 68, KU is a tough team but Kentucky to long and talented.
Good things coming soon. You ready, fans? 😊
congratulations to you both!
Who gon stop me?
RT - My mama said the Jacksonville Suns can beat the Jaguars . Lmao sad, yet true !
We'd like to invite you to try a new live event app being developed by a friend of ours. For an invite, just send us a message.
Totally. It's really good. It took way too many people giving praise for me to check it out.
I swear I love black people.
Seems to be the case RT : RT : One of the hardest parts of life is deciding whether to walk away or try harder.
Thanx, how are you? (:
With trio of Game 6s looming, & preview all of tonight's action in the #NBA playoffs.
come to my studio! Fri 11am if you like
Watching #OnceUponATime . We absolutely love the character and actor who plays Rumplestilskin. We are addicted to the show.
ha, at least you learned something about yourself.
finding your teachers on facebook, WHAT-THE-FUCK?
Why do girls INSIST on wearing a crap load of makeup?? Looks like someone said: "come here let me put some icing on your face" aka CAKED ON
Thanks! and a funky font too!
We want more shows! Anyone need a slot filled?
Thank you, much appreciated!
I would take 2nd round pick for felton (or cut him)
Scarlet and grey looks good on #urbanmeyer ...go #Buckeyes !
#idol - Colton or Hollie going home - that's terrible. Whoever it is apparently the vote had nothing to do with talent.
Tickets for Mayday Parade is sold out here):
Heading into panel on "Against Innovation"
it's been some time since u had any new music out so I was JW will u have a new CD out anytime soon?? I LUV ALL UR MUSIC!!
Opening night of Annie! :D
thanks for the heads up, much appreciated!
These niggas got designs on the back of they jeans...
New Arizona Tote Board Total = $104,953
What's Going Carzy?
#ShoutOut Hope everyone is enjoying their day to the fullest !
Oh, right, I guess I should say my thoughts on THE AVENGERS. It was big. Big, big, big
HINES WARD WINS DWTS!!!! SO PROUD TO BE PART OF THE STEELER NATION. #black&yellow
damn lol you live in Orlando ?! And twitter is worldwide tf jaha
Jgip_12 nah idts. His dad came back home early. If we could find somewhere else yeah
Question: Should I try the reverse manicure? I just saw it (as I was looking at the peacock) and I really LIKE it!! Your opinion?
not quite what I was expecting to see a pic of, but I love that shirt! I think I need to find one for myself.
i dont love her
I agree! I guess us West Coasters will have to wait. I am waiting for CA dates. Seattle too since I will be up there in July.
updating and reading twitter through xbox? nice!
Does Coach Knight really have a twitter?
RT : Communicate like a human, people.
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland. And it costs $1.50 a can. Definitely worth it though.
for employee or company?
See that? Who's hands is the ball in? Kobe's. No questions asked
About to make some music in NYC. I love this city.
Great Pilates class yesterday! Good workout!
word, now I can call ppl lol
good to know! I couldn't imagine sitting through multiple takes in the boardroom. Once with all that drama is plenty! ;)
For lunch, I will be honoring National Grilled Cheese Day.
11/11/11 : No phones, ipods, computers, cars or TVs...gonna make the most of it not just for me anymore.
The 2012 54th GRAMMY nomination process countdown continues... :-)
right now there's nothing that can be said to change anything but thanks anyway
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
Never been more thankful to come in 4th. Not the #muffdiver!!!
I don't want to see Kasey Kahne in a bikini...
thanks Susan God takes care of little things. He was closing pitcher.
The rain up here will NOT prevent my mom from having a good day! I'll make sure of it! Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the world!
Let’s get WOOKED up tonight! Join us as brings the funk to our house for a night of shenanigans.
My love 4 music is AMAZING!!!! Just getting finished with a demo me nd my friend made :)
Just three days until we welcome admitted students at Columbia Connect! Let us know if you are coming with the tag
prove it
Im addicted to Mj
11 minutes, and I'm off desk. Hooray!
Thanks! We certainly will!
got red paint over my jw hoodie :(
#icantwaitfor school to be over!
I apreccaite it
I know the feeling!
#MyFavoriteText good night
AND I'VE MET HIM.
Who's coming out to tonight? 6PM at Don't Know Tavern, Fed Hill!
Ugh someone go to Flanagins with me! I want ribs! See, it's moments like this where boys come in handy.
so, erm, i'm watching Austin's covers on youtube, and i cant stop crying. you see what you do to me? ;o
Woo! So exciting! Welcome packs are the best!
Had the PB Blackout from The Flying Cupcake Bakery yesterday! A #mustdo if your sweet tooth kicks in on your visit to
Ex, egos
Leftover from #freegamefriday - one more copy of Nuclear Dawn -- Tweet for your chance to snag it!
On tonight's episode of "How I Met Your Mother," Lily is going to give birth.
20 year old girls think I am awesome. They don't know what Saved by the Bell is, and they have never felt pain. #NewGirl is underrated.
RT #YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen that fat lady who been sitting in the corner all night starts looking like !!!> lmao
I guess the sidewalks are horrible to prevent people from walking anywhere.
Omg I'm the only one here and I keep hearing things #Ohlawd I might not stay here tonight
"Be harsh with yourself at times." ~Seneca
THANK YOU, BRYANNA
#whut it do
Figured out how to set music videos to skip while shuffeling in itunes. This makes me less angry at itunes.
Over like a fat rat!
Oh, those family moments. <3
would love to connect with you about the sports sponsorship industry.. could i follow up vial email?
Every individual is the architect of his own fortune. -Appius Claudius
JaVale McGee is not good at giving interviews.
Out with lol u know what that means
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend.
All I want is a girl that will stay truthful and will never lie to me.
I'm purdy tired... And hungry... Don't know if I should eat these chips
Impressed by President Obama's speech. It wasn't a partisan speech, it was a well-thought out plan for the future.
Headed to showcase with Casting Director Allen Hooper. Looking forward to it- he always cracks me up!
I'm watching mean girls. The manliest chick flick ever
no I don't have too
Brain surgery footage to stream shortly... Can't wait!
of course! :)
"BRING A FRIEND" Week at WIld Workouts is almost over! Bring a friend in with you FREE today or tomorrow. Special offer ends Sat!
Enjoying the day with my son and grandson.
When will people think like forests? -- Tom Erdmann
#eatpraylove DO NOT WANT. Just let the book be. Movie deal is the furthest thing from so-called enlightenment.
yup;but I'm working anyways later til close then I mite be going out w/ a friend of mine
Definitely a potboiler.
dang, kitteh having bad reaction to feline leukemia vaccine: won't eat/drink/move, meows loudly when touched. sigh.....
Is finding an agent a must for successful publishing?
Itchy, red, watery eyes and nose with boisterous repetitive sneezing.the evil #springallergies are back. D:
Gotta go with half mile hill as favorite tune off new album. Love that song...
Sweat out your problems.
they will probably fire me ._____. i've missed TWO days this week. i'm surprised they havent already.
Mostly it was because the Brita tastes terrible with DC water & wanted to gossip around it.
you have to have effective care which includes research!
Why am I so restless?
the train wasn't the only thing that was elevated.
RT : Is the whole point of the Home Depot commercials to make feel lazy? <- That or ... yeah, lazy.
Perfect day for bananafish.
tell that wife of yours. She bakes like no other
This Christies/Bulgari party is bananas
I can't wait to work with you and all of the other designers!
Why can't i just get over you already?!! Oh ghaaad! Help me!
best tweet of the day
I am always the silent partner
Some people 😡
are you flipping over to #CougarTown at 8:30?
I was just wondering, what are you thinking of naming your baby?(: I'm sure your baby will be absolutely beautiful!:)
And lightning! It's amazing. Miss it. RT : Absolutely loving the thunder right now. Rare occasion in SoCal. Reminds me of home :)
#2012 is going to rock
I guess; I'll just be obnoxious
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 37
a frequent nightmare of mine: I go to the doctor to discuss my asthma. the doctor says "sucks to your asthma"; rolls boulder on me
where is Parker?!?
We put ciabatta rolls in the oven & after 15 mins tossed them back & forth like hot potatoes. Thawing out after Cretin home opener.
Birthday beers!
Thank you <3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE!!!
A lot of people do false cabinet fronts on either side, no?
Besides, no one (underwriters) would buy the bonds without validation.
Mornings arentvreally my thing. Smoking the sleeping.
Back from an amazing night at the Purple Fiddle!
would love you to try our catering to use us for future events!
get to twittering
its beautiful! But ouch on the pricetag
Were You At??? ( Boost Mobile Voice).
lol now isn't that nice...
It is profoundly more important that we truly love people than that they like us.
"Every year getting shorter/Never seem to find the time"
any specific recommendations on sources for learning technical SEO in depth? blogs, seminars, training courses?
Dear Mark from Liberty.. Sorry I don't want to attend college there
Creative energy in limbo. Don’t know if it’s the beautiful day, a case of writer’s block, apathy or just plain laziness. I’m thinking lazy.
Ah...the challanges, the suprises of "the great walk-about". Come to think of it... I never thought it would be easy.
I want to come!! Happy Valentines Day Enjoy!!
after having a dysfunctional enter, space, and middle mouse button for a few days, i must say that i appreciate the middle mouse button most
Anyone without a sense of humor is at the mercy of everyone else. ~ William Rotsler
i dont wanna talk so stop texting me.
Like a lemon to a lime a lime to a lemon I sip the def ale with all the fly women.....RIP .. Beastie Boys MCA!
RT: : Tonight is having a Celebrity Look-A-Like Contest from 5 to 10pm! $250 prize to the best look-a-like!
Less is more in blended learning.
thanks for the list!
I hear where you're coming from
shut up
Would Nov 2 general strike include workers at Twitter Google AT&T or does it need communications workers on the job?
Thanks, girl. I am going to be singing the "Think happy thoughts..." song to myself.
There is cool water in being a mother, there is steam; there is salt, there is sweetness, there is bitter, there is utterly delicious.
Since I'm not running for the next month or so, I'm thinking I need to catch up on the CodeYear tutorials. Did 4, got too busy.
Dope session tonight ... Wait tll y'all here new record #SAMESONG shout to eryone tonight good night
#NELAITS11 content vendors charging a small fortune for content subscriptions, but the same content is not usable through the app. bad!!
RadioBedlam is what we call our #openmic #Belltown every Tuesday at 7pm
Wow, if u were from Oregon, there is no way possible u would be that tan! Unbelievably Beautiful!
Staying on-line tonight to help students polish up their research papers via our Ning site. Do others do this with/for their students?
School school school
yes! ive just watched it
"Stop dreaming and strategize" -
so many answers...but what is the question?
Wishing the mighty blue & white all the best today when we take on FAMU
awesome! Glad you're having a great time!
Stupid question. Can you write a check for prom tickets?
Never thought I'd say this: "Thank God for herpes!"
Tuesday night trash tv- always feel bad coming from bible study and watching haha
I'm so tired ugh
is making animated pngs
I personally don't like Mc Donalds burgers .
VEGAS!! Where are you staying and where is your #blackjackismycalling dealer?
what's their excuses for being late all the other times??? We shouldn't have to pay a fare if the wait is longer than 15 min!
if that article says "neon colors" and "animated gifs" I will be screaming "AMEN" ;)]
not the outcome I was hoping for should have won!
According to Elias J. Richardson was actually the last F to do so on 4/15/08. I really wish the NBA specified b/w SF and PF
Any graphic designers out there that read/listen to us? We're looking for a cool, scale-able logo that sums up the show. Let us know!
i am still tha one and onli CHARACTER IN THIS RAP GAME NO MATTER WAT HAPPENS
Feelings hurt bc u got ignored? :) RT : I'm curious to know what tweets celebrities deem necessary to reply to vs. which to ignore
really??? Mine had the area of a square on it.
your tour starts on my b-day:) (brithday)
He could be the so-called x-factor today..
Do you cook for Easter or go out for brunch?
It's Friday Friday I never has school on Friday !!!!!! Partying par
You can't make excuses when you are swept.
Or do people just panic?Do we just don't have the data on long term #preservation in a useful format, does that make us panic?
Question, if sum1has dne some low &disloyal stuff, do I jus keep quite like nun happen&stay civil? Or EXPOSE dey ass if dey keep tlkn shit?
dont worry your not alone i thought the same thing haha
Unfortunately #BenedictObama is showing that Boehner might be right
My Night Did Not Go Well
I was so hype
hm... But the smell.
c'mere baby...I'll make it all better...lol
thanks for the follow...thanks for all you did this past season, you really stepped it up for us! #GoMagic!!!
The wife should not leave her husband and the husband should not divorce his wife. - I Corin. 7:10b & 11b
Last time I went to pick up in Hempstead I saw a papi get shot lol
Leave it On the Floor: Review by Jessica Schauberger - Seattle University Spectator
We obtained our name! (). We can now say goodbye to () which is now available to the public.
Hi, thanks as always for your never ending support!
steamroller , drunk and L-boy interlude Ctfup I can't decide between them
Let us all say it together, "red team sucks!"
LEE County Courier- Review of MACEDO- in Mississippi!
All I want is to feel important to someone.
I hate being home alone!
Im sorry for your experience. We are happy to give you a refund. Please call our office today and we can help you out.
Indeed he is. Not what I would be looking for, but damn nice work.
Atlanta had to play a sound game and did not. But the loss also exposed the weaknesses of the O-line and the safeties.
Nice to see Miami and Denver both suckiung in the Suck for Luck game
Need logo design, marketing consulting, social media assistance, e-blasts, newsletters, brochures, etc - reach out to
Tigers jersey freshly cleaned for Saturday in New York.
Damage suffered makes you knowing, but seldom rich.
Damn, that sounds familiar. Now I have to get tested.
Woke up with the frosted flakes jingle in my head. I don't know what that says about how today will go, but I don't think it's great.
okay sweetheart
Anyone know if it's possible to get a link to (Planned Parenthood) original briefs (e.g., Roe) NOT through Westlaw/Lexis?
Best constituent ?ion of the day! "Councilman Scott what CD is in your car stereo right now.""Phonte-Charity Starts at Home Ma'am."Priceless
I'm never asking for the sexiest person fire Christmas again, cuz if Santa puts me in a box again, I'm beating him up with a north pole!
Is he responsible for all his teams fumbles?
And now a family movie night. Don't think this day could get any better. :)
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen You get tickets!!!
i swear sometimes my mom just bitches and complains just because she hasnt done it all week, and needs to do atleast once
Could be the best twitter account I've found as a Milwaukee resident.
Coming to America?
derricks going to throw another party for you lol
Right back at ya! Have you started to think about playing #volleyball in college?
OMG that show is rockin' :p
Sushi for lunch My stomach is so Happy right now soo good! 😍
The BlingQueen herself! Love this womans style! ❤
some moose tracks for real! (:
Happy New Year! The mystery continues to unfold! www.rocketrobinson.com
Oddly enough, I think I've been to Qatar ... but I can't be entirely certain.
Power outage projectors won't work
Reading about
"If I can't shake my tail feather, there's no reason to breathe. For real." - #MSNBC #LockUp I mean..... #yolo?
I'm 100% focused on earning petition signatures right now, but I promise full issue briefs soon. (BTW Collins won't.)
♥ PEOPLE ..LET'S BEGIN TO EMBRACE THE POWER OF LOVE ♥
BJ with two solid carries..
No discounts for men with hair issues.
a little bit!!
"The world must be all fucked up," he said then, "when men travel first class and literature goes as freight."
THANK YOU!!! RT just checked out at their fb page!...really good band! go like them facebook.com/mufasatheband
If you have the means, I highly recommend picking one up ;-)
Yup! Haha waiting for that Lakers game! Do or die!!!
Just 12 more days until the next !
#nw Lord of the Rings <3
If only my old teachers could see me sitting still and "foucusing"! I'm sure some of them are rolling in their graves by now!
Thanks to my 1000th follower on Twitter! Hope you have a great day!
my education comes first , lol remember that .
will miss you at HATSUME this year!
: Ha! Nope. Shame. A moment for the ages.
had no idea people actually still watched
you're very welcome :{)
Getting ready for the weekend after a busy week of marketing and PR.
Weed, hookah and beer are all waiting for me to come home... the holy trinity is complete!
Learn how to remove 10yrs, 20yrs, even 40 years of Plaque and Calcium Deposits from the heart & major arteries throughout the body
I have gained that much more respect for you tonight Mr. King re: Nugent. I owe you a cold one if I ever see u in Milwaukee.
Lol just saw a hobo working out on the side of the road!
pls send a few ideas re Chinese nutrition to Thanks!
Grilled chicken & vegetable kabobs on Emily's rooftop. Friday potluck dinner with the ladies! Perfect night since my man is in Nebraska.
met this girl she so funny. new friends as the bus stop.
“: it's shouldn't!! Lmao”so u must b saying I wasn't cool. That hurts too. But I'm over it now. :)
definitely your drag name.
Tonight! Your IRF Comedy Crew will be bringing the funny in the YooHoo Room at at 11 PM. Tx/info at www.flapperscomedy.com
It's whiskey Friday?! Why did I not know this? :( RT : Happy
In 2010, a man was attacked for trying to help a woman who was being beaten. His attacker is getting off.
What are ur likes and dislikes when it comes to opposite sex?
LeBrick at the foul line tonight, with the pressure more finely focused in a close game.
can you follow me back please???
Huge fan but personally the #XTS looks like a volvo or buick! Not interested, at least I drive an #XLR...waiting for #CIEL!
From top of hill on I25, haze over Santa Fe. But once in town, hard to tell!
and now on to lunch with City of Chicago CTO John Tolva. Looking forward to hearing more about Open 311
john a. powell: American society right now is priming people to be anxious abt race. Unfortunately, he hardly mentions Asians.
i think imma go bck to bed im tired
lol I did the same thing
Corporate Venture Capital: Big Business Can Spur Innovation
glad to hear baby V is ok! My 2nd was early and I also pumped every 2-3 hrs while she was in NICU for 2 wks
Relationship ' like there's tho ONEDAY : (
Pedroia K's for the final out of the 1st inning.
Agreed :D | RT : Guy, Interesting take. Thx for sharing. Like a lot better than last prediction we discussed
I so wanted to retweet that but it won't let me :(
Today is NOT my day at all... :((
make sure to tweet about it after you take your first bite! You will love it!
#Kronum. A game if balance and adaptation. It's damp today. Go amphibian.
what up!! :) its been a minute
yeah ik i will slap you at school!!-:) unicorn
Moss is such an awesome plant
SexTip: Nothing kills a relationship more than predictability and boredom.
New music from yeah when it comes out, my mom's gonna wish I didn't have a stereo system in my room #CantWait <3
Haha I love how you crop out...Her.(:
Wish I was at
just crushed by the booth at the #flyingpig expo and thought of you!
LOL depends on whose doing the cooking
Great band! : Don't miss The Slackers playing at Ace of Spades this Friday! Get 50% off your tickets at SN&R's sweetdeals now!
someone went for a bike ride and is pooped. It's not me
Mustangs a select team
I miss my brother =(
One primary trait of maturity is the ability to override the tendency to become angry when your faults are pointed out.
70s here this weekend! Woot! RT : Arrived in Memphis. Raining sideways, windy, and cold. April hasn't arrived here either.
Glad you like the pictures! We'll try and post more on this sunny day!
Didn't you hear the budget presentation today? Austere times. RT : Cash bar at #ncsl? Are you kidding me? Amateur hour.
Ok seriously this chile lime sorbet is the most delicious thing I've ever tasted
Ah, happy accidents. Every now and then life surprises me in the most enjoyable ways. Rearranged furniture and stuff just fit.
Going the back way to #Coachella. This is awesome b/c A) Julian has Apple Pie B) rest stop at Santa Ysabel Casino C) I miss all the traffic
ftw so it
Watching Safe House.
I HAVE FOUND SO MANY PUPPIES I WANT TO ADOPT.
I think my grandma likes you better then me.. Should have slept over.
so tired.... but i cant wait to see my family tonight!
Vince-sanity
Noise Dave. You know what to do with it.
what channel lol xD i've never seen it
Same with my wife.... She is perfect, while I have lost 3... Needless to say I have been getting shit all night... lol
The Places product is back to its normal, happy state. Sorry for the inconvenience.
yea, that's the worst. lol
Foreign grad students are less secretive about needing to have a bowel movement. Ja
yes, but due to Brees having to work for every completion.
I mean... Locklanders who wants to take me to BMV** tomorrow.
You’re crazy, I like you, but you’re crazy..
Yeah, that's a thing. I still feel like I have to apologize to people for the Crusades.
Stuck on the NJ Turnpike. The trafficiest traffic of all time ever but totally worth the trip.
Making bracelets >>> :)
looks good in his skivvies, I don't think he should give away Mike Chiesa's best moves - bad form
Come on 4pm, I'm ready to be off from work.
says that higher ed newsrooms should build affinity and assert relevance
Awesome. Thanks!
Ouch! LOVE IT! And yes. Perhaps a Turkish bath. For a little variety. Love me some
Nipples on hard and whatnot.
Wow. That's beautiful.
there is still more... prize #9 LOFT gift certificate for $100
Have a lovely weekend everyone! The weather is awesome, right? Enjoy! :)
I feel you
Thanks! Looking forward to your tweets
Empathy is my curse
I would never.
Gonna try to sleep( hopefully ) !!!!!!!
I'm great. I'm in the office rather be enjoying this great weather :)
who wants to skype me?
Saturday morning sounds like train track building and the washing machine, pretty peaceful.
fund-a-mental... j squared x driving range... do the math...
Giants Thrilled to Land Rueben Randle - New York Times (blog)
One of these times I expect the braces wearing teen to punch her invisalign wearing sister in the face.
I'd rather be hated for being honest than be loved for being fake.
Aaron Craft's cheeks make him look like he always had about a pint glass of Bushmills before tipoff.
Sometimes, sometimes you gotta bomb out the women's room.
You won't realize the distance you've walked until you take a look around and realize how far you've been...
Nice offer of office furniture from our friends Thanks! We hope to be as generous to ourselves sometime in the future.
sounds like a future business opportunity! Kong retrieval specialists!
Wow, looks killer! Great work! Did you code it yourself?
the truth for any problems
Hey Ocho...stop tweeting and play some ball, you're not in Cincinnati anymore!!!
Nap time before dinner & the concert!
Looking for a BPA-free brand of canned goods. Does one exist?
Talk to MY best friend in private while I'm out here on vacation bitch please that shit can wait til I leave lol
Congrats for your work in Newark. #TrumpetAwards (pssst, you look good in person!)
did you want the bracket board? I can drop it off this week.
wassup my G
Could not wait for tonights episode! :) #superfan right here! I love #DogTheBountyHunter and the whole Chapman clan! <33
Your completely crazy... But I love it. :)
VIDEO IS DEF KOOL YOU CAN CHECK SOME OF MY MUSIC AS WELL
Lowkey we sent each other the most smileys today :D
Using the early wake up to my advantage.
I've never been there! :o
yeah. So did the girl like her ice cream. Haha
excellent! Swag.
RT : *Need business consulting for new start-ups, life, business, social media, 1 on 1 coaching etc. Cheick out www.voss.snapp ...
I go camping in secret!
There are way too many blue and white app icons
Everyone turn on national geographic channel now
match one?
long sleeves
Pre game listening to music we made
Nov. 11, 12 & 13 - New Mexico. Plan to visit Santa Fe's 13th annual Recycle Santa Fe Art Festival located at El Museo Cultural de Santa Fe.
Today is all about beautifying our Ward. Headed over to the Rhode Island Clean-up next. Stay tuned for more pictures.
Just heard my first reminder on the radio not to fire guns on new years eve...hopefully the hillbillies and gangsters listen to sports talk
Amen sir
I luh so much, like omg. She's my bby....EVERYONE FOLLOW THAT HOTTY.
Me too! So want it! RT : Love Kara's low end tuxedo jacket!
Girl you have a nice ass.
There are few things as decadent as drizzling Nutella over reheated frozen raspberries.
I learnt how to stitch yo yo's in my textiles lesson today
We've heard many horror stories from paying customers abt then was arrested last wk 4 wearing a hat!
Great platform for citizen science, and some wonderful frameworks for transcription (super slick interface too)
my favorite part was that Don Nelson called a timeout just to glare at Joey
I'll use that tweet. Just gonna replace my name with your's since you're the magical ones.
Aww my poor babay is sick.. Get better :) LOVE YOU
does that mean your license has expired?
Happy Birthday Cuz may God bless you with many more
Hey, tell it's safe to come out and play. All the automatic things are off and I'll buy her a drink or something.
My cough and I will be in Pueblo for the day. #education #crime #inmatedeaths are in my future.
Thanks for the #gmail sorting recommendation. Geez...did I really read all this stuff???
#CanIBeHonestWithYou orange is NOT an attractive skin color and neither is the barbie look. Try a healthy size 5 while you're at it not a 0.
Ap Lang tomorrow morning and AP Stat in the afternoon. I should be more concerned but at this point, I just wanna be done.
I think I'm going back to Photoshop 7 (running in my win95 vm I setup for sim city) Adobe's been milking it since then.
Thank you for the follow! Congrats on the launch of a very impressive group!
i miss the sweet boy of 15 that sings ''one time'' :(
amen to that
it's actually Big 10 bias. MSU is the wildcard even though they won conf. tourney.
In a test: assert == code is broken raise == test is broken knowing the difference is key to understanding a test
in crits, you don't have time to think. You think, you die.
Skinned knees and stolen swings?
so far, the market manipulators have not been able to get lasting leverage. The Dow has edged down from its move upwards.
Until Turiaf cut them weak ass Cheryl Miller braids tha Heat will never win a ring....
can't believe christmas is 2 weeks away. It feels longer than that. It doesn't even feel like december yet.
Id sleep great with ***** next too me
Oh no, I hope bosh is ok!
yes, acc. to
bummed. Each of those > office
THIS IS THE TALE OF CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW, PIRATE SO BRAVE ON THE SEVEN SEAS
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday
#Matilda the musical got an Olivier for best set design. I guess it might show up in NYC
So...... who wants to come to the WBAB Homegrown Superstar Contest final round show July 28th at Mulcahy's in Centereach???
Tune in at Noon for Radio. This month's show features stories from the February Story Slam when the theme was "How We Met"
I was about to try to mess with phone but then it was an android so I couldn't do nothing -____-
Desire a #swinger special vacation $100 per night visit us
I dreamed last night i was a football player for my highschool...
And he scored the go ahead run.
In less than 24 hours I will receive a recognition award from the Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce at the Majors Business Luncheon.
Good luck with the apartment search tomorrow!
I've got my plans to have fun & #wangchung tonight :-) anyone else?
RT Only a true friend can see the real pain behind a fake smile.
Rockstar is another that gets me.
'Teen Mom' Star Amber Portwood -- Back in Jail
By the time you're eighty years old you've learned everything. You only have to remember it. - George Burns
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET we have a program to fit you!!!!
so pumped to see you tomorrow! :D
Will you have another redux? If so, I'll definitely come!
Proposal on shutting down websites and throwing data away in a large pyre
Late with this because I haven't been on facebook all weekend but thank you all for the birthday wishes and especialy to those who came out!
that new track is hot!!! keep pushing... hit me when you get a chance.
We are on are way with the first annual Tour du 12th. Next stop Broadway & Orleans
If you believe than you can achieve
Thanks. I find as I get older, it gets harder to predict how people will interpret things I say.
and then my DJ controller malfunctioned/sucked. anyone have any under 500 #recommendations for a novice???
everything about that makes me smile
Hey, You continue to honor me and I appreciate it! Take care!
RT Thanks fans you were down right AWESOME today
Ok peeps...working on my blog...where are the #Indians fans?
Me too, agreed!
I got a ticket! Will have to let you know how it goes!
made (& ate) s'mores then did a kickboxing workout with a former miss usa. best relay ever!
I am wireframing the crap out of some shiznit today! oh Yeah!
Beer started getting lighter as it was marketed to women.
Someone tell me why angelie was disqualified from americas next top model
Apparently she's having this baby like soon what??????? Secret pregnancy??? SCANDALOUS. PULLIN A FRANK IERO
You need to look at my Artfire Studio and pick something out for Eva Langoria or someone else. I do custom, and I do GORGEOUS
PLEASE FOLLOW ME ♥
Will be helping the new University Archivist -- Casey Westerman acclimate to his new position this afternoon
Just found out I am rubbing one of our network set-up people the wrong way. Well, stop being incompetent and I will stop complaining.
good luck, ladies.
Thx for fabulously chill last minute getaway! Xoxo! ;)
IDGAF I JUST CAME TO PARTYY! yup that's my life now c: just gonna have fun, thats all it takes to be satisfied c:!
flying back in an hour
D. Willis has ALWAYS been a better NL pitcher than AL this would be worth a shot... don't trade prospects for him just Suppan
The "expose" on the attendance record of and makes the paper sound like an organ of the local GOP.
Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it.
Where is and
ill come visit you! Ha
Good job! That means dinner's on you
You'll be bffs again tomorrow.
Perhaps because education will be the main tool, and not locking people up or shooting at them. (cc: )
what's the best way to shoot you some instrumentals? I'm in ATX at
great question from (?) about gender-based expectations wrt to "tinkering"
i meant to say hurt you lmaoo this laptop is stupid
preferably an archival solution that doesn't rely on a corporate cloud.
great! Helfrich coming this week!
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
Finished watching vs Corrales followed by Cotto vs Mosley. I want to fast forward to May5 right now.
good god its spit it diff :) check tha store new shit everyday
At my grandmas soon
that's almost always the reason for slowing down. too many programs running in background.
Let me know if I can answer anything else about UNM intersession.
noo!! We have the most attractive players, the Angels are close, but nothing beats Rangers
Really wished I was drenched in aloe right now
Poms squad! Game day in short skirts and glitter :) Those were the days!
Hanging out w.my mom
heii yes we love rihanna she is the best
Check out new south florida alerts. www.southfloridaalerts.com
Living in America
Finally! Gaffigan is DC bound!
Still wrapping my head around Weedon drafting by #Browns. But I still try to wrap my head around why Alien Resurrection was ever made, too.
What does high #bloodpressure have to do with stroke? Join the #HBPchat on Tues., May 15 1PM ET to find out.
no. can't say that I am. I'll check it out. Thanks.
I recently came across this article with fun ideas for organizing "stuff". I know which idea is my favorite- do you have one?...
Red Bull, Junior Mints, Australian Licorice, and music. Road trip! #onourwaytolambeau !!
Getting my hair done <-Kelsey xoxo>
I have an animal print looking one, my hubs picks on me b/c he hates animals print
y u mad
I hear gun shots
it's all you ! I feel it!!
Friday! Friday! Cake and Cocoa Friday!
I have survived the night..so far.. I thought about not tweeting til mid afternoon tomorrow but it would be a dick move.
Waiting for the bus after buying a hunk of fresh fish is stressful.
all them freaky tweets
Tired of paying too much? We can ease the burden on your auto maintenance through social media.
Linda Rosenberg is such a good speaker!
The Music and Curriculum desks are in the process of being merged into one, located at the CCM window. By Monday, 24 Jan it will be complete
Omg my life is a love triangle. :(
watching T.V. eating pizza #atthesamedamntime !
RT : Chicago tweeps: Have passes for Chicago screening next wk of TIME TRAVELER'S WIFE to giveaway--watch my blog tonight!
Amazing smile...I see an Aquafresh commercial in your future, maybe a commercial for an edible lip balm designed for nibbling too
Feeling real bad....wish I could fall asleep
Trying to sing just like another artist is like being a carwash in Seattle.
My Friend:" who is your fa- "Me: "case freaking closed!" My Friend: Bu- Me: "EHH SHUT YOUR MOUTH I LOVE DAYA.!"
Tummy time is important in strengthening shoulder muscles to manipulate the hands. Do it everyday at the same time for your growing infant.
fridays at 6 pm
lol You actually work there too? I thought you were like Flo from the Progressive commercials. What time u open til?
TOUCHDOWN Green Bay Packers!!!
thats absurd. one of the most legendary tftc movies.
are too
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
only some of the time. Occasionally the flat-earthers take over.
“: Oh MadMen #sogood” Pete Campbell?
fly the highest mountain.
BITCH! I invented the damn games. You can't fool me!
Wow your new music player is whack..love listening to 2 songs at the same time
Getting ready to start the big Graduation Weekend.
Powerful: "A panoramic camera is democratic because it has no ideal eye." - Sarah Kenderdine
If everyone could send me Positive Employment Vibes at around 5:30, that would be excellent!
#OTGTIPS CONSISTENTLY STAY YOUR SELF. YOU WILL MAKE IT FAR!
Btw Its Shelby
Happy 1 year being married... and her hubby.... (:
Aaron harang struck out 13 tonight?! Including setting a record by striking out 9 in a row?! Holy. 7-1 record!
Protecting the integrity of your identity under one roof. Keeping your logos consistent: Offset, Digital, & Wide-format.
"Change is the law of life and those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future." - John F. Kennedy
It was Samantha Mathis. But your boyfriend looked sexy and I normally don't like guys with facial hair.
Thanks for the shoutout. Glad to be tweeting with you.
Your #valentinesday dining guide: For classy and for cool and casual
Kings vs. Lakers game tonight! Hope to see everyone at there. You won't want to miss out! Go Kings!
As the heat index rises so drops my productivity :) Hope everyone is having a good start to their summer.
Blackmon goes to the Jags. Where recievers go to die.
also see p.16. I'm pretty sure Stephen Downie's project was funded largely on the basis of acronym awesomeness.
My boss just passed me a note during this meeting saying that she loved the hair of a guy across the table.
right on lol
Be an inspiration, not an imitation♥
current zag ... He is filthy
A bitch is up workin off of approximately 3 hours of sleep
Just when you think all hope is lost, there's New Orleans. America's third world city.
En route to the castle in piney island.
Sad to inform all our friends that one of the leader of the Movement For Free Philippines, Dr. Renato Roxas passed away this morning.
Thanks for the Info - I appreciate it.
Yes! Thanks for sharing. Beautiful machine.
Hey, I would like to join your team for movember. Can you email me your team name please?
#GT lost 2 of the 3 games they had to vacate. If they had lost the ACCCG, would the #NCAA have punished them by making them vacate 3 losses?
Oh, yeah. :) It's all very legit. He's working on a sword (being a blacksmith and all) and Arya is, um, watching.
That's the hottest Tweet (including pics) I've seen in a LONG time!
Just got back :p
“Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late
to this whole NWI vs CHI debate let me just say from a man actually born n raised in CHI,i take offense to someone from NWI claimin the Chi
We're getting a makeover today!
Hey FYI the cast & crew have a union to represent it thank you.
Netflix has a lot of old SNLs. April 1977. I'm going to search for it later.
raining so decided to make jewelry....organizing the studio.
YOU DID!
haven't been at this shit in a while...... whats everyone up to?
One of our beautiful listings in Rittenhouse Square.
Went for a run this morning and felt great! Foam roller may be my new favorite thing.
Omg mom stop talking about religion ugh!!!
Nobody cares unless you're attractive or dying.
on amazon I got it for 13.99 (the deluxe) ! They're selling it for $6 off !
Starting at 10: Come to web crit room to pick at 2-wk-old website + and
how am i nasty lol
loads of computers. Not open mondays, 9 to 7 Tues and Thurs 9 - 5 wed Fri Sat usually plenty free every day.
mostly hangovers and ringing ears. thanks for asking
do you like pudding. heheh(;
I love you
Prego e Buon Natale. This is what Sharon & I do for Christmas each year. Enjoy:)
Can't wait for Wednesday...;)
yeahman, I'm Blessed bro, u?
Breaking Dawn: amazing. iHop service.. horrible! Great night :)
“: Happy people are always looking to help others. Unhappy people are always asking "what's in it for me?"”
I want to text you soo bad, but I'm afraid you don't want to.
I'm finishing it.
Happy New Years to not only the best city in the world but some of the best people in the world!!!! Love and miss you New York!!
your very welcome beautiful
planning a client open house event...
..shake it off big homie
Studying for Stats and History.
We are at from 4-6 sampling the Kind & Bromigo. Come say hi
First day back to class, so how many of you guys are already ready for a break?
so happy RT : AMAZING!
NOW at Night Lights Up the Corcoran on Friday
I don't recall that. It was also 9AM and I was about to see Pirates 4, so I was in a dark place when I saw it...
Wow. Gut punch.
Almost january still havent turned the heat on
#1DTourUSA behind my computer, ny, ny. because you picked the smallest venue ever and sold all the tickets to stubhub. K.
correction: you How the hell do you delete a tweet??
Regine after regime has fallen to the Arab Spring but serious uprising has been perhaps the most complex and long running.via Fareed Zakaria
BIG surprise coming up Jeremy...can't wait to share it with you!
Oh dear! (And various other incredulous statements not approved.)
thank you! Its hardcopy for now, but may include digital too.
Just saw this scruffy looking guy lmao
Never ceases to amaze me how pro athletes act like they don't know what they out in their body. Shame on you Ryan Braun.
Preparing my grandmas house for today #HappyMothersDay ❤
U know me.. just doing my thing :) RT“: You are hilarious and I miss you. How are you?”
First try at strawberries. They turned out good I do admit.
I hate the feeling of passing through the censors when I've stollen alot of shit.
I've taken to using 'who' when writing about animals, and most editors have agreed.
I'm very proud of you, Sabrina. Keep it up!!!
hey you little tit munch!
Happy Easter!
Has anyone suggested that Chorizo has been deported? I mean wrongfully of course.
across five Aprils!
hi Daymond, glad to see u in Boston... Are u speaking somewhere or just visiting?
I'm learning as fast as I can, but alas, I'm just not there yet. Someday...
Anticipating the opening of a 2008 Augusts Briggs bottle of "Wishes." Knowing It will wait until Sunday evening....
We make things happen! Learn more 2day :30 when we meet Hall--we'll b celebrating our 1st legislation & our new initiatives.
There's a thriving subculture on the subway composed of middle-aged guys with mini boomboxes who think they're the COOLEST.
Shoot her. She means nothing to me.
Hey York! Thanks for following us. How'd you hear about our project?
Great piece thanks Nicole!! Love it. Wish the exhibit was in my city.
All Time Low hasn't toured in the US in about 7 months.....
Pics? You do all the fun stuff.
Good morning world up starting my day watching lifetime wishin I had a special people n my life,to love me n my sickness too
You are a trip.... When you coming to Milwaukee.
Cake cake cake cake cake cake... "if you sexy & u kno it & u aint afraid to show it put a candle on my m'f back baby blow it"
My ovaries
"Bring It On: The Musical" is coming to Broadway this summer. Well, I know what I'll be going to with my girlfriend.
love ya JC but where's the clutch 3??
OMG i know how to waterfall braid
Anyone wanna chat? Please DM me! I really wanna talk to my followers!:D
RT A big "Thank you" for the #follow #teamfollowback Thanks again!
Stop it! It is unacceptable for me scream with laughter while I am at work.
Our Board Member will be presenting at #TEDActive in Palm Springs!!! CONGRATS!! Woo Hoooo
I don't know. How do I find that out?
just tweeting 2 say that you look gorgous in ur profile pic :)
I AM SO PRIZZOUD TO HAVE A COOL FRIEND LIKE ... Get it gurl with that drop into ur splits.. Mhm
Sorry I somehow missed the birthday wishes! Sadly, no ALA for me this year--maybe next year.
a conservative and Malcolm X a liberal? I would argue the opposite, based on economic strategies, but not sure that their stance on violence
And I'm still up cause...
Living in dreams of yesterday, we find ourselves still dreaming of impossible future conquests
& are coming to tonight!
whoot whoot ! I am your first follower :)
Who got kicked off Idol?
good morning from Dallas!
depends how specialized the position is...I know at UH we have brought in people like web developers from out of town
Saw you on the cover of SWAT, nice job!!
Wednesdays are great days for me to meet for breakfast or dinner.
hook your hand after. Keep it up. RT nd a follow plz.
LMAO quit reporting and start cheering.
When we aren't watching a movie first period <
We can't wait either!
I HATE YOU MORE
sis text me
On the go!! Another busy monday!! Good day everyone!
Add me on faceb. Latasha Marie Presley
hi sexy
So what else would I need besides the kit. I have a stone. Would I still need the threaded wand or just hose?
Couple behind me at coffee shop just finished up in-depth convo about hopes, dreams, jobs & life in general with "Umm, what was your name?"
That's brilliant. Well done!
RT : Kind of want to build a giant pillow & blanket fort in the library teen center. #libraries <--YES (until teens makeout in it)
an HTC phone
Happy trees!
Thanks for following!
like most of the NBA fans in the world, they are now getting over-HEATed too...
Thanks for the RTs!
Tried to map. Unclear as to whether or not I did.
Perfect 4 #thirstythursday Red Mtn Red. Big powerful Cabernet with elegant merlot and a touch of malbec. YUM
Shopping with In between classes.
i'm serious bitch! even moving my hand hurts! ugh!
Now is the time to review your budget for security for your #safes.. I would be happy to help.
Alright! posted new cast list for upcoming film, The Sister....I play his editor Abby :)
Allegedly the Tweets the POTUS sends out are "signed" - BO
nice! but yeah/:
of course:) Happy Mother's Day!
DM'ed me
meant to tell you--I'm giving Bikram a try. Felt like death after the first class but loved yesterday. Your tweets inspire me!
however..sometimes the selection isn't quite the same nor are the prices but I try to support everyone
you can tell a lot about a person by their following to followers ratio
chilllllin with my dude this mornin
< glad to see ya. Please check out this girl. She has an amazing skill set, and a message that needs to be heard.
Fleet foxes and waffles with Wayne.
Coincidence? Yahoo news headline about Koch Brothers selling to Iran...sort of like GE (?) in violation of law. Why now?
#20thingsaboutme 1. I look older than i actually am
it's still 11 am here
But they did need a good cornerback though
Hooray! Are your Groupons good there, too? RT : In case you missed it we are now open in the south side 1505 east Carson street.
Chapter 2012 Page 122 Starting Today...I'm putting my body, mind & spirit under Protective Custody!
I know i'm so sad! i came around 3:00 but i din't get anything answered it was going to end by the time i came. oh well!
Damn, I honestly didn't think i had it in me. But Clearly i do have 1 fuck to give
Lost my printer, computer, net connector box..got halfway through a script w/o technology..though I don't use it to write anyway..:)
#elvisfan, we're gearing up to hit the road soon, and we want you to goin the crew.. sign up for the mailing list to get updates and info
If it's on the internet, it must be true.
Gluten-free, sugar-free, vegan chocolate, vanilla, coconut, mocha and red velvet cupcakes today.
But you went away, how dare you. I miss you.
We've heard a lot about you. What's our favorite app these days?
The next misses twatchin
Thinking...hmm...so should I quit doing something productive and go play the Fallout 3 DLC Broken Steel hm... I just don't know
Thanks to , I wake up every morning to Matlock and Murder She Wrote....its been like 3 weeks now
As different as they are, the only politician able to sway my vote from Obama isn't a candidate
^es should vocal coaches train smokers...? Are you defeated before you start?
Greg Jones is trending from all the MJD owners who's TD he vultured. haha
Amen RT I hate dmv relicensing crap in #kcmo system sucks, when you try to do it right its impossible to have the right paper work
Two more days until Christmas.
Though Mercedes better TEAR IT UP!
Helen Thomas.... would you like the Jews to go to the Fema camps?
Survivor series tonight. What's everyone's predictions?
I really have to say that your lack of open mindedness and quick judgment is deeply disappointing
Getting a chemical facial.
and btw all those other replies were bullshit too. Their lives suck too they just aren't admitting it.
thank you for the mention!
you know eht!(:
depends which the person you're talking to hates more, 'cause you obviously don't like them if you're wedging anything in
No crown more glorious than that thorn one she's wearing in that diatribe.
: Aw, thanks for sharing it! My Yelpers sound great. I however, was a little nervous...
Tools that can make your job and your personal life a bit easier. The 5 most useful social media tools from the past week via
dang where do u work?
Is a milky way bar considered food enough that I can take my medication with?
misty! You're blog is so inspirational! I'm also a huge fan of the #OWN network Oprah is such an incredible spiritual teacher
"Don't know if we each have a destiny, or if we're all just floating accidental like on a breeze" sums up krup so far.
agreed! MT : I don’t think [DH/collab] will ever be for everyone. But it should be okay for more people. And for junior scholars
&& At the end of the day Samira & Breanna are my bestfriends/family. They are always there for me to lean on & my rock through it all !
Thanks for posting. Sony is about to become an interesting case study...
Rip Steve Jobs He was a technological genius.
In case you haven't heard, there is a #rivoli cleanup on Saturday April 14 at 9am. With breakfast by !!
Catching my nephew's T-ball game!
agree! RT : Why are there no adult modern dance classes offered in #RVA???? It's very frustrating.
"You told me...we wouldn't see you today. I hope it's not you...Oh my god I'm so sick," he said, about a body in a burnt Santa Fe home.
At The Kennedy with Can't wait to see !!!! is killing it right now!!!!!
re: the live demo and your theatre degree...I am envisioning singing and dancing, perhaps with a hat and cane. Yes?
What's the hashtag for the diversity chat?
Last Sea Dogs game of the season, not too thrilled it is all coming to an end.
Loved Hong Kong but missing home. Happy to run my last time in Asia.
“: In the most important election of this evening, Jermaine Paul has won The Voice. #IStandWithJermaine”
im comin for you. good luck. its hunting season now and ive got you in my sights bitch
Sometimes I wonder if people look in the mirror before they leave the house
"Innovate or die. Innovate or be irrelevant" - Wilson fr USC's Annenberg school encourages foundations to embrace risk
woodson would probably be the classiest player on your conair jets
He's the greatest. just a great man all around. love love him too
So were your boys cheering for the Sox at that spring break game in DC or Baltimore (I forget which)? Cool.
Thank you, bike helmet.
congrats to for qualifying!!!!!!! Much love!!! #yeshimahugefan <3
The way adam talks about me >>> lmfao this kid. <3
Ideas. I got em.
it always is! And it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together. A litmus test of sorts.
oh my i was goin nuts. i cant believe we pulled that off. suddenly this is a new series!!!
RT - I hate the New England patriots with a mutha fuckin passion.
Fayetteville State showing their virtual desktop (win 7) running on an iPad
Thanks Eric. Lots to transcribe! ;)
life is worth living
It could have ended worse, actually. It could have been the Penguins. Thanks for a good season,
Thanks for the info!
Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
i hope so.
What is that philosophy exactly? are you liking this draft class?
Just saw 's astonishing #inhabitation project, and am proud (always again already) for our decade-long conspiracy.
First year playing Fantasy Football...used to think it was for stat nerds, still do. But, now I'm an addicted stat nerd!
Looks like #beer is in order next week to disprove , thoughts ? , will be open by then?
even when i don't "feel" like texting and I blow everyone else's texts off I never ignore yours. Why can't you do the same?
Most important competency for future leaders? Jack Zenger: Being inspiring + motivating
5 years is too ongoing. Find something more substantial
: Green Tea is Alkaline so it strengthens your immunity & decreases your risk of disease. Coffee is Acidic.
It is an EX1_"R" right?
Uh-oh, my students have discovered me on Twitter. Must make sure to keep my tweets appropriate from now on...
This years big recovery in the World Series Ratings was much needed. It was the biggest improvement in one year in history.
best of luck to you in the future, except when you play Oakland...
From our METRO family to yours, we hope you had a great Thanksgiving holiday!
Im at worrk i'll try and go wen i get off tho
Agreed. A lot of column A and some of column B is a good recipe
keep forgetting how much I enjoy the twitterverse; I should come here more often. Even better now that is now tweeting.
are you still not going to enter in the contest:)?
God Morining World!!
Just found out that the in between towel is called a "hand towel". Yes, my woman informed me (shrug life)
high ass fuck already I'm lovin it
I'm tired!!! But can't sleep
And this series is gon be epic...2nd2none
Did you still want to grab lunch this week?
In a court of law,proof is required for prosecution.From what I've heard,the story Goodell is working from has more holes in it...
Party Buses from #UNT #TWU on deck for
Thank you for sharing!
someones rooting for the Giants via twitter haha
Send Moore back to A, pronto
#when your on a bus the only thing to #do is to count
Cody. Jake. Alli. Giorgia. Gold Coast's Finest Creators.
#adtechny registration page is down.
Killer show last night! “: Shows like that are what DJing is all about. Cph out of nowhere, it's turned into messiness”
All these years, I thought it was St Pancreas... in fact, that's why I remembered it!
Now that's really something special! You should totally put a little white around your actual eyes for the future.
God forrbid love ever leave you empty handed
i do
#TreasureTuesdays time approaching quickly come join us if you are in the area today
You are the fairest of fair weather fans. Move to Portland already!
oh yeah I just saw that tweet. All I know is he needs to drop that album sometime this decade hahah
the lakers outscored the thunder in the fourth quarter!
There have been more perfect games thrown (21) than there have been 4 HR games hit (16)
yet another reason you rock - part of the proud anti-sandal brigade.
It is true I swim in a perpetual sea of #sex but the actual excursions are fairly limited
im in the mood 4 tacos to bad i cant eat some lol
probably wont play but its good to know if we do, we can pick a decent qb lol
aw have fun!!!
Happy Birthday ! And now, I'll go to Facebook and make it official ;^)
: Nice to meet you! I read historical bios, police procedurals, scifi and just a plain good read!
thanks girl! :)
Shout out to my haters; sorry that you couldn't phase me RS
I better see you there! You haven't been by in a while and Steve is in the band now
I think scot mcnight's One.Life is one of the best out there for college kids (or soon to be)
you give us shoes and we will feed your crew!!!! Enchiladas and Black Bean and Roasted Corn Salsa! para Cinco de Mayo! lol.
congrats on becoming the new wwe champion!!!!
Family guy is to good tonight.. Lol
Only when we direct our action outside the District will we get a 51st star on the American flag. - Mike Panetta, DC Shad Rep.
but that's the thing they need to make mone. Roy said they need money. I'm angry as well.
I'd never heard of but if they're like the and my stuff isn't safe, I sure wouldn't stay there. Screw that!
Really craving a Caramel Frappe from McDonalds right now <3 :p
I just want it to be next Friday -.-
Alright, , post your finalists already.... I've been waiting all week!
what is w/ ? there has been a steady stream of people waiting in line for water. I should talk, i just filled up 30 gal lol!
Put a face to the Twitter handle at the #RECon12 Tweet up, 4:00pm Sun May 20 at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion.
Pregame show is finally edited, now it's time to talk once again with and on
“My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.” Bob Marley
Ijus call her boo... idon kno her whole name keep it on de low mane all we eat is Lo Mein!!!!!!!!
or perhaps you need get yourself back down to DC on the weekends.
For those interested... This chick is definitely #TeamMayweather! Cotto is going down!!!!
"I'm excited".....like Tebow
Vikings released Ryan Longwell.... I knew something was up when they drafted a kicker. Smh
#reasonsToWorkOut to stay alive longer
": you were great!" thanks! I was proud to be in the company of these panelists and this audience.
You can have whatever you're willing to struggle for.
Happy birthday babe. xx (:
Yeah Tea Partiers - name-calling makes moderates support their oh-so righteous cause!! ::sigh::
Stories and storytelling = hot topics at
Delmont man conquers Straight of Gibraltar swim - Chicago Tribune
Tonight it all goes down at Aurora! Alley Boy will be performing live!! Doors open at 9p & close at 2a! Dj Sir RJ on the 1's&2's! Me and...
Yeah I've seen yours. I didn't think you had it but I didn't think it hurt to ask
Come on out to Mission Bay Park, San Diego for the ATMF RUN & ONEHOPE FAMILY FESTIVAL
#clayaiken, I didn't realize he was a hockey fan. #TeamLidstrom fail?
Thanks for the follow Kelley. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff.
Crappy end to the #phillies game but it should've been over on Blanton's first pitch.
I hated the "Wizard of Oz" as a child.
Congrats on an amazing NFL career! Enjoy retirement, you deserve it. Our is your #1 fan!
I'd take some Liquid Luck..... :)
Need a nap or some peace and quiet? A quiet seating area is located above Chili's. Go up, take a L, seating area is on your R.
Everyone has a story... And I love to hear them.
I tweeted you.
Where can someone get a #latenight #breakfast in #chicago ? I have been looking for 1am pancakes and I'm not talking about Denny's. Discuss
Started producing the short film, The Story of Gunter Schett, a dark comedy. Look forward to shooting in 5 weeks.
Our national flower is the concrete cloverleaf
Yes colds work great for the "froggy" jobs! Ha! Glad you are doing better!
If yesterday taught me anything, its that somebody is spiking the water supply with a heavy handed dose of stupidity.
s/o to yourselves beautiful people
night Dave!
#REELHEROESCINEMA IS HERE BITCH!!!
No reason to do away with rest of bowls. Those teams weren't playing for champ anyway. Can be kept in new system.
Sure it'sa set and not a wedding? LOL All you'd need to do is wear something blue and you'd have it all covered.
Your Gorgeous ! :)<3
Life's a gift, don't tend on wasting it.
we love vox :)
you had that girl inront of you liar!
how you doin'?! If you do comedy, @ us and we'll RT your funny material
Mind following my new account
New loan programs starting from a 500 credit score!!! Contact me for details...
Chocolate covered espresso beans
New rehearsal/studio space + trio rehearsal = Robert happy!
It baffles me how some of you girls post these dumpy pictures of yourselves on the Internet. Honestly what are you broads smoking?
But neither of them are necessary, right? Just go with "somebody I used to know."
webinar today on maximizing time at this year's conference in April! Looking forward to bringing the sports home!
That reminds me... I have some precious cargo for that I need to transport to
Me too! “: I wanna go fishing”
RT : Turn the lights down low, baby come closer. I want some of your love tonight.
Congress. Fail.
Kalon might be a douche, but the skateboarder, boom box guy and Prince Charming are douche-ier..
All I see is legs and breasts ^.^
idt anyone will but ok
Lara got buffalo hot sauce in her eye
I love this chicks ass
I was having a horrible day, I mean HORRIBLE! until I found out Tyler Posey followed me. I know it's just a follow but that made my day....
Its no big deal. You know what it is.
yeah watched first 2-3 -- liking it - tx for reco!
So glad more stores are embracing more of the contemporary look. I LUV IT!!!
Super crunch time at Tenant Resource Center . . . trying not to be a perfectionist . . . so . . .hard . . . I need two more weeks!
My pleasure!!
Ill Never Compete To That Because I Dont Compete.
I grew up on big southern wrap-around porches... But I'd settle for a stoop. :)
"My sweetest memory - Your voice, My biggest sadness - The distance, My biggest hope - I will see you soon".
so tired
I'll be there!
Going to the pool!!!!
the water I can't complain about.
New packaging for my tropical fragrance soaps!
i know i am. And your my goofy goober! :)
why wouldn't be?
having more difficulty locating the Chev. Blanc.
Links from other sites to yours (aka backlinks are the most important ranking factor search engines look at. LMK if you need SEO help.
Google- or Google+ Do we need another Facebook? We will see if Google muscles in on Social Media using their e-mail & search influence.
the most irrelevant but richest porn star ever
Monkees star Davy Jones mourned in private funeral Monkees star Davy Jones has been remembered in a small private funeral in Florida.
So much for going upstairs on Mike Smith!!
On the road again.. Thanks Donna & John for letting us invade for a bit
NSN on friday asdghlshglsjfkl it's sinking in finally.
Looking for a fun group night out? We got your Snack Attack right here! Details to coming soon.
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #food because brunch is a time to discuss problems that aren't really problems.
Idk who was more drunk or but either way that was entertainment! Lmao
Sweet mother of Jefferson Davis, these Girl Scout Cookies are good! #SamoasRock!
what r u doing up there lol
where is the place to #party tonight in
That was the best lunch nap ever!!! It feels too good outside!!!!
I wonder if Pandora knows that I use their bkmrk function solely for adding tracks to my Spotify playlists? Someone by the other already!
yep, living with the in-laws
Next deadline for Dig Hum Start-Up Grants will be Sept 25, 2012. Updated guidelines should be posted late Spr or early Summer
But cutting a degree program like CS that so clearly benefits students is shameful, regardless.
and if they're going to #Marquette chances are they are pretty decent students
You must be tired because you've been running through my dreams all night.♥ ♥
Indianapolis tomorrow..
u look amazing :-) n beautiful
I basically live at my #grandmashouse. CUZ I WUB HER.
This post office has a stupid slow line right now
watching them
On the couch w/ Thor tonight. Wait, clarify- on the couch ALONE, watching the movie
You know you have #SupaSwank when you creep on and RT all his tweets(;
Thanks for listening. Our host is a swell guy.
If you're in #Portland, look to the east right now at the most-amazing orange full moon. Stunning.
Now, finally bedtime :)
lol ikr. Its scary tho cause its dudes u would never expect lol
Done. I'd like to know too. :-)
If you don’t have critics, you probably don’t have success either.
The show in Indy next week...is it free?
with jeff green gone will you represent the legends and leaders or just admit that acc basketball is better
;) Airsoft Guns ? Have Fun With Guns and Know the Differences handguns
RT : Sr. Customer Assistance Representative - Albuquerque Airport at Enterprise Rent-A-Car (Albuquerque, NM)...
Yes mam I tired of being unsatisfied lmao
In short, yes, should she apply, I would hire Cher as a web designer.
sure. What's the link? :)
Just received an email to play the lead actress in a BU graduate film, thanks to my profile on New England Actor!
guys go to the front page of www.purevolume.com and click on us to listen to our brand new single!!!
hanging out with my best friend and her boyfriend?
I remember as kid getting a free candy bar at the grocery store if your ticket stub had the winning sausage on it.
I'm starving. Haven't eatin' all day because my medicain won't let me. It just wore off and my tummy is rumbling. Lol.
and we just need the WWI, WWII, and cold war notes right?
the bay music <3
No, Happy Anna Howard Shaw Day to you, sister!
Hello! Glad you could visit the museum. Did you enjoy the exhibits?
RT : Artist in ironic mutton chops electrifies crowd
Yep I'm definitely in love now. Like with all of them too.
Good Morning
I got a friend named Reggie who lives down at the dump. Never had any schoolin' and he's just fine. Homeless, but fine.
thank you!!
it was good, busy! My sis wedding is this weekend and she graduated this past weekend. How was yours?
Stop in today mention twitter and get a Free month of Tanning
Thanks for following doll (: Let's not be strangers! (:
You are a perpetual motion machine who also knits.
Excellent. looking forward to seeing it
Hello my love!! How art thou?
Make connections with those you feel comfortable with.Trust your instincts, ask questions and try to learn as much as you can!
buy a Reds one at Dicks.
Happy Birthday Twitter!
Kinda sick of Idol having Tommy Hilfiger dress the contestants. I don't care, like at all...just get to the show already.
The official getting taken down is by far the best part of this game.
Come on TMo. Walk it off.
Is a part of a rhythm nation.
you are the girl I love. Just you. Long ever lasting with Austin. Goodbye, my lovely ex. Thanks for the love
name tags have been printed.
do tell us Mr. Moore, what CD are ya listening to?
Love is the weapon for this wounded generation NeverShoutNever
Early morning rain in Vegas-best way to wake up, nothing better than the smell of the desert after a good rain!!
and our food safety bill is still languishing in senate
aww thanks baby ♥♥♥♥ LOVE YOU
thank you, you're one of the most amazing girls I've never met lol <3
Just stick to your plan and price targets. Wouldn't suggest trying to scalp this chop.
#WhatBrightensUpMyDay are the people in my life. Im very appreciative of them:)
Check out ProPresenter. I think it's the best presentation software around.
also keeps me going too when im hurting all over :D goodnight everyone
good morning gorgeous but woo likeing the new pic there lol crazy girl!
Willis: comparing Sunrise to James Benning's American Dreams (1983)
Come to M100F to hear talk about advancing marriage equality
He means the world to me... Too bad he'll never know.
$140 of equipment and three weeks of anticipation later
Thanks for that RT,
shake it off and come back stronger than ever. we love ya!
Omg, your baby looks like an alien... O_o
“ Fellas: the most precious gift u can give a girl is the gift of your time and attention”
UH HUH you know what it is!
Great way to start the day Mr. Kodjoe.
Having a good day. Enjoying some much needed rest. Hopefully I'll be feeling better soon.
Looking to give away FREE Memberships.... Interested? Ask me how...
Looks like you are having issues with your website. Is it just me?
You have to find ways to appeal to those who think Dem's and Rep's are the same. Speak their language, but use facts.
I mess up.. a lot. But that's okay, nobody's perfect.
Just Marvel. And skullgirls side tourny.
Umm...I love the ATL demo. So good. What do you guys think? earthtoalex.com (even though i'm sure everyone's heard it. lol)
Cant wait for that to die down
track meet
44 year old SS Omar Vizquel made the Toronto Blue Jays opening day roster. This will be the the 14-time Gold Glove winner's 24th season.
That's the only movie I've seen in a theater in, like, 2 years. Last one before that was Hot Tub Time Machine.
I thought we were friends? Aha. I was mistaken
I'm doing that right now
yesh!!!! i am going to literally die when they cancel the show!!
A warm welcome to our new followers. We hope to sing for you soon!
Love Saturdays! Heading out for a run!
HAPPY BDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR MARIA, HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!! Looking forward to celebrating.
Colorado is the place to be for #summer2012 . Just sayin':)
And more John! Dr. John Watson -- doctor, blogger, vet, and Sherlock's live-in PA/doormat. #SherlockPBS ^LG
"reunited and it feels so good"
The knicks stink,rudy gay got to go ham
Man we had a rough day today on day one but we improvised and got a hell of a shot. Lookin through them now and I'm #KnoDat we gone do it
No prob.... just get with me so I can get them from you before our next event on Memorial Day... Let's make it happen...
According to the Weather Channel it's 35 degrees cooler in Chicago than Austin. That's just crazy.
#PreWorkout fuel. Load up
wadup bruh.....time to get the buzz back up...droppin two joints tonight
Know of anyone who needs entertainment for their holiday party? Send them our way! W.supertonicstringquartet.com
Ugh..sorry hun!!
She ain't even gon look 4 a job now cuz The Green Machine is paid 4.
Smoking my victory cigar
just dropping in to say: John Milton Pie.
How can it be midnight already?!
Try a jar filled with balsamic vinegar + washing up detergent. Stretch film across the top with sml holes. Traps & kills!
I have 20 minutes left of work and then I'm off for 2 days!
>>Positive Energy<<
Traditionally, you put a home button and logo linking back to the home page. Just assume people are dumb.
Slept in today, so I'm rested up for the big furniture move tomorrow! Last step before working for myself full time, can't wait to be done.
Idk. Lol we need to chill like old times I dnt c u no more :(
Me and jamming the fuck out in the studio
Chatter = problem and an opportunity via
I mean, if you want to have a broken neck, then by all means sit up front. If you want to see a movie in all its glory, then back
I choo, choo, choose you. This makes me an unreal amount of happy that you'd post this. You rock. #bangarang!
Tweaked out in class making to do lists
could not agree any less with you
the old sound from way out
Olympus Group plans to add 25 new jobs over the next three years with the announcement of a new facility in Orlando.
It would be sweet if I could breathe out my nose right now.
he said "Thank You" not fuck you.
I'm in the process of finding someone to try them out on...hehehe
Well that's great that you have options! But i wouldn't be the best person to give advice on your education. That's all you!
www.facebook.com/mjafloral
Line Up: Moshe Kasher, Chris Fairbanks, Ron Lynch, and Jordan Morris. Hosted by Luke Burbank!
#UT WR Miles Onyegbule sustained a torn left pectoral muscle, will require surgery. He is expected to be miss preseason drills.
Thanks my friend - u too! RT : & have a safe trip home.
downloading new music >>> cleaning my room
Ybarra thought the car with Erica Smith was the one driving the wrong way. She veered to avoid it but was too late.
lack of offense?? His numbers don't show everything. Doesn't always need big game due to his teammates skill
You're welcome :)
They saying Junior Seau committed suicide
Is the PERFECT man #CRUSHIN Hard lol;-)
Thanks for your interest! Send clean edits to .edu
Blown away by energy of social good Social Innovation Fast Pitch! Texas Pie Kitchen win = tears in my eyes! :)
#Oomf is a naughty little bitch ;)
the one day i make a conscious choice to wake up early, the site my online course is on is down for maintenance.
wow! looks great. And there IS a discarded door dumped behind my house. Me thinks I'll snatch that up & make a table, too.
Simply tweets the name of your website. *gets 50+ retweets*
you got this (if you presented already, you got it!)
Wishing everyone a very merry Christmas!
There's almost nothing that modern politicians can say or do w/out instantly drawing hyperbolic rancor. But I think we can all agree (1/2)
Fuck the bullshit. Get it from behind and penetrate it deeply.
FIGS you'll find me ...
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. - Will Rogers
Steel City Big Pour today! Best Pittsburgh event of the year.
2 nights at BA and 1 night at Cottonwood. How about you?
Looking forward to this weekend off. :)
"'But' is a fence over which few leap." - German proverb
Message sent RT : we don't dm. You can email
I got sick AGAIN, but only this time my left side hurts, been hurting for a few days so, I'm going to the doctor to see what's up.
oh we did. Perfect night, thank you!
Merry christmas
(that wasn't sarcastic; i actually do love it.)
couldn't have said it better myself!!
Of course that's what you're excited for!
amazing! I got to meet David Solano after the show, but I got home really late.
Where are the semantic police when Wingnuts cry about their imagined #waronchristmas ?
thnx again. Really appreciate it!
here it comes...
GO FOLLOW GOGOG c': it would mean alot
fans still feel good about the upcoming season.
damn girl keep kicking me to the curb ;-P when we gonna hook up on the dl? ...............never that's why your blocked.
It flew at me and attacked me it bit me it was a crazy bird anyways then one day it got out and flew away I did not care one bit
that is awesome candy.
Damn good. As everyone should (i.e. follow forever & )
Ham Sandwich RT : Guess what I'm eating
great to hear! :)
#dsoc #sla2011 emerging markets contain 84% of world's population - dsoc need to know forum
Crushing On Some1 You Know You Can Never Have /.:
New Jersey Shore Tonight, !
Nearly finished your book Thanks for being so open and honest and for all the great information :)
Enjoyed a wonderful Fourth of July weekend in DC! There is nothing better than celebrating Independence Day in the nation's capital!
I wish I was seein her tommrow
I love falling asleep during a thunderstorm
what did you expect? Chocolates?
Always take the safer route when you write about the book of Ruth. (That's a terrible pun if you know Hebrew)
I'm tired of this motherfuckin gazpacho being on this motherfuckin ice.
Worked on my straddle split tonight to, you know, work the sore out.
cheer! Cheer! Cheer!!
BTW we've got the first snow of the year today!
It was such an amazing and life changing experience for me...I thought I hit a wall, but I now know I have many options available
Raising my kids for twenty minutes.
I've been wanting to try this place! You give it a thumbs up?
RT Snooki’s kid will have the biggest penis in first grade… because he’ll be twenty-seven.
Every time I remember that the boys aren't coming to my state, I get a headache, lol. This is horrible.
Support for has the #Harrimanunitedmethodistchurch rocking tonight!
There are pills for that.
thanks so much listen I'm sorry cant talk talk to u tomorrow
something tells me this was not something Mr. Churchill said.
Weird. I have never experienced Google Voice downtime.
S/o to for trying to help.. Even though it's not gonna work !
At the present rate denver will beat the lakers 244-0.
sexy as fuck
congrats btw, I hadn't realized you'd switched jobs until very recently=)
Charter revision is key about education no other proposal will work
I just lost my bestfriend...again.
I forgot I have tattoos -_-
Today is the first day of Seattle Beer Week. A week that LASTS ELEVEN DAYS.
Magnolia & Garfield
Woohoo! Approved for the apartment in Leesburg! Now, just need to decide whether to take it or not!
Good Luck tonight!! Mega buzz going on about
Newt, Mitt, and Rick have all answered 4 questions now, guess it's time for Paul to get ONE #scdebate #rigged?
Pittsburghers love to trash Philly and I always have the hardest time desputing cuz im too busy laughing at that goofy ass accent
what up bro
“: Should we ride Space Mountain or Peoplemover for our last ride of the night? RT and Vote now! " Space Mountain!
" Today is the 195th birthday of A H Layard." Awesome! Celebrating by cramming for my Mesopotamian Art midterm! :D
I just want summer </3
when you hit your elbow on the edge of a table and get that tingly feeling in your arm.
thanks for the RT. And seriously, keep up the great work.
Thanks for letting us know!
yes, it is. good morning!!
hahahaha our life storied
Starting off Sunday morning with some fat rips of Super Oasis OG. Irie!!!
Sometimes I feel so alone I just don't know, it feels like I've been down this road before, so lonely and cold...
Want to talk with people while not spoiling details. Feel free to DM or Facebook message me!
You're very welcome.
you should do my work and I'll do yours!! Can't believe I didn't think of this before :(
YAY! I got your book.
yes that's gross
"All that we see or seem, Is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe
will do. love big ed. i think youre the only one i know that listens to the same radio i do. haha.
oh no! Fritz!
Understandable! Enjoy the quite moments when you can!
it's under your phone settings. Not the twitter app.
If you pee at one brewery this year, make it pipeworks. 2 way mirrors!
it's a relief to hear other ppl also use tape on cars! Thx! I got Scotch tough duck tape guaranteed no residue for 14 day use :)
wanna go to cedar point in ohio best roller coasters bro !
I'll hit them up
make two dreams come true but following me nd 36
Just watched the film "W.E." about Wallis Simpson and The Duke of Windsor. Too bad this one fell flat with such interesting subject matter.
Please, as if men use them without the woman pushing the issue ": Men are missing from the birth control debate. Why aren’t we
I'm tired of my glasses.
Did you know... TODAY $350 million in disability benefits are dispersed in the US (that equals $127billion/year)The leading cause: arthritis
Last day of Broadcasting): #AVTnextyear <3
Why is there like 15 UPS TRUCKS in front of me
amazing concert this is why I love ! good job baby
is a twittery zeitgeist. a sampling of real seaches people are entering now.
Hahaha it's okay. Did you know because of my Phillies retweets? Or my excessive use of exclamation points?
had a great Christmas and New Year's. Just started working out again. Here's to a healthier and happier 2011!!
Right? That was awesome.
It was crispy laughing bird shrimp!!
ah someone who finally understands! We get up when most people are going to bed :)
Omw to make this money something some y'all scared to do bhahaha$$$$ is the object bit my kids is the motive...
Almost time for bed gonna grab something to eat first (:
i fully expect him to blast Henderson out early though.
yea hows everything going over there?
I need someone to keep me company at a coffee shop. Any takers? First shot's on me!
We've decided you're just as wise in French, but you have your sister's accent.
I just noticed that almost all of the tweets u send me say "Aw" am i really that sweet/nice??? :)
Angry at Tuesdays? We're ready to tilt at windmills too with R.Strauss. We'll spend the Lion's (or Giant's) Share of 3pm with Don Quixote.
Now presenting at #codeforoakland: OaklandWhere, a smartphone app that would help Oaklanders connect to services based on location.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You don't make me laugh
Worst day ever
is chillin' and wants to know what everyone is doin' for Halloween?
What a weekend, successfull Greg Jennings Golf Outing and ReStore sale! Thanks for the support
It's alive, IT'S ALIVE! Look around the brand new www.ArlingtonLibrary.org & tell us what you think on the feedback link on the homepage.
My hair always looks good on days we don't have school
I'm wondering if I should post these student comments in their entirety. Who is it that does that pretty regularly?
you got a stress fracture?!
Huey lewis rocks my world and that's the power of love
it happens. sounds like some fun surf though. hopefully we can get out for a session next time you're back in LA
Only my second year here, I still don't get why they pass stuff in mid of night if they're such good bills. don't you want folks to see?
oh I do believe you ✌
awesome Tee !
no like ever go bad lol ?
perhaps that email was meant for your evil twin... Happy April Fools?
Going to make sauce and noodles! :D #AmIItalianYet?
Hell yeah! RT You guys are amazing! <3 WOO you follow me:L
(thinks:he never loved me)
It's all shits ad giggles until someone giggles and shits
One of my worst traits is that I always find the MOST inappropriate times to laugh.
Good luck! I am writing two DOE grants this week, too. Can't wait until the deadline!
thank you, we put them out for people to enjoy and learn. :)
LOL! It was a lot of pink! But there was orange too, but the lighting was weird..Go if you are in LA! It was really fun! xo
And I think Iceland regained it's independence from Denmark Will ;)
FML NOT LOOKIN FORWARD TO A GOOD FUTURE FOR THE YANKEES IN THIS POSTSEASON
#tweetyourweight 173.5 - out of clever jokes for the morning, ask again later.
Eva J's ghost is totally going to be haunting people because of this.
morning baby love u!
yes, but it's fair game, i creeped on his earlier
anybody use ?
I don't think anyone could find your johnson(ville) under all that flab!
Yes you can!
Star Trek Anniversary and my wedding anniversary are the same day… coincidence? Well, yes, but still pretty cool in my book.
I was wondering why do you eat all that good food? I need good food like you post pictures of.
hey dude. Sorry I missed you man! Drink on Thursday?
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed.
Need Beats? Studio Time? Contact Us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
there for a whole hour so got home late & just decided to stay home. 😁
you don't need instragram ;) you look amazing in normal pictures anyway!
Lover! Are you going to make it to Kate's wedding. Please say yes so that hilarity can ensue!!!
Asking skeptical questions a/b homosexuality at bible study. Using points from 's speech at the seattle journalism convention.
I need more followers too. Go
Leverage the "super connected". Connect to users that supercharge your network effect.
i cant wait to eat some tamales man
Winterhawks Playoffs Round 2 begin tonight... we are live at the Coliseum at 630 #GoHawks!
Who says you can only do your best. Developing a skill is always about improving on your best.
Well, Zambia has made us proud this nite!
Hey, I fixed blog. It was one in my blog roll thing. Some other site was screwed and messed mine up. Thanks for the help.
I wonder if Larry the Cable Guy actually sets up his own cable.
for the most part, your internets is a freak show. I hope some sort of darknet takes off soon.
BOYCOTT DELTA!! Delta airlines bans Jews on flights to Saudi Arabia. NO JEWS ALLOWED! Its their new policy-mine is boycott Delta! Repost
The summer is ours
Fresh squeezed OJ. One of life's great and simple pleasures.
Don't worry... It will be okay...
Butler: #fairuse prctice mks prctic...i can tell u all this stuff, but if u dont USE IT, will die on vine #erl12 best talk so far, thank u!
Achievement brings its own anticlimax ~ Maya Angelou
is goin to hate me for this tweet but I will forever annoy him wit music cuz I love his songs
I remember the days of trying to avoid the rain ruining my hair. These days I welcome the rain!
what your car wanz is Quanz!
thx. it's my first #ITC12 ... a bit disappointed in twitter participation here so especially grateful for tweeps like you :-)
To anyone who has prom... Um, it's gonna rain, bring an umbrella. Oh, and have a good time. xx
Cody Simpson, you are beautiful. I freaking love you. :)
I like your pics on your twitter home page
Happy Easter!
Thanks Nanette I appreciate it.
thx...i added you on facebook
and as for the terminix guarantee... i have termite damage and can't even get a call back. lot of good that guarantee did.
Snow White and the Huntsman Character Posters with Charlize Theron and Kristen Stewart
Up early hoping t get a new car today. Image just pray and be patient about. #Early tweet
Have 2 extra tix to see Bob Schneider at The Birchmere Weds night. $35 each. Holla if interested.
like Bing Crosby with the nose bashed in? Had that when I was younger too..
on dirt smh
indeed Folk's! 1 Love! :)
Today is the day AxeOff USA will debut @ the Hard Rock in New Orleans. The ONLY CURRENT GUITAR PLAYING CONTEST IN NEW ORLEANS. C U THERE!!
WOW I look like shit today
#HumanCentipede2 is easily the best movie of all time. I am feeling oddly to do some sort of art and crafts project today.
you should let me use the bugatti... That way I can make sure the oil changes are done on time
Made Brownies from scratch for the first time! It worked!
I bet knows... RT : Any word yet when Justin Bieber's new single comes out?
“: Do I miss you? Yeah. Do I want you back? No.”
#thaiacupressure is one way to treat acute and chronic orthopedic disorders. Meet and choose from 60 Thai Acupressure routines.
I'm an idiot & now realize that you thought I recognized you from here. Nope, just actually remembered you!
placed 35th placed 30th out of 226 at Celeb Poker Tournament, what a wonderful + ruthless couple.
My niece needs a hug.
It's all been great so far. I can't wait to get to A Face To Call Home
That means you need friends.
French toast and spiral ham for daaaayyyyz.
talk to you more ;) and its fun! lol
uh its saturday....uh because nuccas aint real....uh shit, just because
thanks for following me Drake!!
Turn my bones to sand.
Good morning! I need lots of coffee today!!
Avengers was dope by the way... But I wouldn't spend the extra money on 3D though.
Some people never realize the extent of the pain they've caused you. they're too selfish to see. you deserve better.. stay strong
There *has* to be a better way to do online faculty governance than this. To think that ALA Council runs more efficiently. *sigh*
Not much to say about our motel today in Sanderson, TX, so no blog post. Fingers crossed as we leave this morning for Marathon
Also, a group of kids running around LC card catalog stacks yelling "deep, dark secrets!" These conspiracists get cuter every day.
Friday is finally here!! Yes
On the plus side, everyone has been eerily friendly and helpful today at Hartsfield-Jackson.
lady's love me , I'm on my cool J [;
brendafongclear Thank you for following! I look forward to future tweets!
Thanks for the RT. Have a blessed day
that's a pretty good lookin' salad... You might win a friend with that one!
was LeBron talking trash to you?
oh oh...anselm thinks the number of people in heaven will replace the number of fallen angels.
#FOLLOW Me
Hot day in Chicago. I thought this was the north! Heading to Moody church to talk about revival in US.
Congratulations!! RT : Guess who just found out she's being awarded a K99/R00 Pathway to Independence Award from the NIH!? WooHoo!
Love comedy central!
just one or two team ones from last year, nada from this year
"we came here with nothin" lol they hypin to the max haha
4/20 tomorrow! So what we get high(;
Don't mistake my highness for blindness, although I will avoid you and blame it on being high.
Dear Niners, go out there and take care of business today. I won't be able to watch you guys kick some NY a$$ but I trust you'll handle it.
my bad you're not joking. You always try & claim someone is a player.. So I know YOU'RE bullshitting about that bein a joke
I will Never forget you You're in my Heart :** <3
I like your blog.
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal w/ppl & a heart of humility.
Sure. What an interesting look!
the contact play is enough reason for me to fire Tracy. Has it ever worked for them?
People throw rocks at things that shine...
No... I'm not but someone else is...
They just finished installing my work phone into my new office space - I only moved into it 10 days ago.
How does that polar bear open that bottle of Coke???
It's me, Jamie... I'm the one looking for a good dinner dive. Just accidentally tweeted from ICA acct. Any ideas?
Shake it Shake it like you bouts to get paid! :]
Why is George Lucas on the stand in the Zimmerman hearing?
Dare to be naive. - Buckminster Fuller (It takes courage to be willing to try something and be willing to fail and try again.)
So, does the USA send in soft political aid to Egypt to prevent the Iranian outcome? #McFarland to
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy wings from The Lube. lots and lots of wings.
try singing in the microphone.
Making multiple gallery visits in Chicago; then time to get back into my own studio
He asked me if I was okay. I explained everything to him. We always text... Can he not tell I like him?
Unless a student feels strongly about the subjects on one test, it is best to take both. Thank you for your insight!
Q2.5 Are we giving you what YOU want?
TONIGHT THE PARTY IS AT MINK !!! $1DRINKS AND $60 BOTTLES TILL 11 AND NO COVER ALL NIGHT !!! IN THE MIX RELAXED DRESS CODE 21+
s.s.d.d. same shit different day
there are 250 verbal reasoning cards and 250 Quant reasoning cards. I see you are an Arsenal fan. Go Gunners!
suns out, guns out?
All cards ready for immediate shipment.
it's funny because I'm the same age & love voting. I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it -Henry Ford
RT : Former #Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is transferring to #Wisconsin #Badgers . Good News!
Wax Tailor is bomb.
of course!that's the best gift!
yeah... I agree. But people are always talking about hows he's the nicest guy in baseball
I don't think it is possible for me to have found more places to hide money in my clothes last night.
Family  where life begins and love never ends.
We're back Podcasting tonight folks. Look for 2 shows from us this week!!
It's Friday!!!!! Try our chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo or one of our other delicious specials!!!!
Sweet !! Make some videos lol
Props for putting together a #amasummit LS12Peeps list on Twitter - great idea!
ARIANA YOU ARE FOLLOWING ME! THANK YOU SO MUCH! BUT ONLY IN MY DREAMS .. :'[ MAKE MY DAY AND FOLLOW ME IN REAL LIFE TO?♥
Happy birthday, !
We are too. Join us for our groundbreaking Monday 5/14
swag on lou,tell me did niall ate the last fondou,liam knows bout me harry knows bout so hit it for the dj malik 3 2 flick
Thanks . Love the company that I keep...especially you, my friend!
Wow ! love this RT I choose not to entertain ignorance. It lives of response and dies with silence™
wat goes around comes around
it will have it's was with you, -.- oh god wouldn't that be a sight to see
The Legend Of Korra 💗
Bobby Valentine couldn't manage a Dairy Queen!
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
I seriously don't know what to do anymore..
Cut mine into 4, I don't think I can eat 8. - Yogi Berra, in reference to how many slices of pizza he could eat!
HELP TREND #MahoneOnB96 WE NEED THIS TO TREND!
I know what you mean. Life gets rough, but remember who to look to... The big man upstairs(: Hope you smile!
whats your favorite new kids on the block song???? #rydervszigglerWM29 tryin again
I guess we're just cutting edge ;)
It's not enough to denounce #Limbaugh's rhetoric. Pulling your ads will send a clear message. I hope you reconsider.
Dare yourself to be creative today. Shoot a video, edit, and upload it! Who knows, it may become viral in a few hours. :D
Getting ready to go to the Yankee game!
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Thanks for sharing..(the frames and the display is perfect) so much creativity and love! Goddess powered.
It has put my plans for this week on hold.
I really hope Patty doesn't read this! At least she's ahead of the tea!
Am I a computer nerd since I already knew some of those?
We're checking now. Will let you know as soon as we get the answer!
Finally! All done with the interior painting! Now the outside which is really going to be a pain
Clearly, only someone from Northern Virginia would know such a fact LOL ... and how true this is! :)
Off to eat food and drink alcohol in Santa Monica.
Here at Chicago Demon's practice. Bad basketball #AAU 👎
Just because it's trending...
shares a writing project: "Have a great story to share? Write it on a napkin and leave it on a cop’s windshield."
good to catch up! We need to get together soon!
<---- love u lots u made meeh feel bttr thx:) Gota go bye "follow him he's the bst BELIEBER:)
I miss the old Lupe Fiasco man...smh
WILSON'S FOOD FAMOUS FOR HOT TAMALES CLEVELAND OHIO WERE WE WIN WIN WIN!!!!!!
They too excited for school to be out cause they clowning.
Heard multiple times during draft week: "I recognize you from Twitter." How networking has changed...
Good bacteria is essential optimal health. FlorAlive helps clear emotional blockages that occur and damage physical and mental
i hate the air & water show. grotesque pompous showing of miliary might.
I'll agree with that!
for real tho? don't call me "bae" if ur calling some hoe the same thing. PLEASE. know that.
looking forward to seeing and perform #Payphone on #TheVoice tonight!
Just a fellow-fashionista!
guess who has 2 thumbs and is excited for your new album?!?! This girl right herreeee! :D #LetsParty #HariponInTheHouse! <3
Day 4 of losing both sets of car keys. Not angry yet, been biking all over Milwaukee.
Oh no, please....not the one in the dress or bra again!!
dont blah blah blah me missie
new sonnggggg whadddduppppp :)))))) ( first person to give me their opinion? ) :D
Time changes all flavours.....
For sure. I'm planning on being there next year.
ikr its fuckin ridiculous...I try to listen to 106.7 most of the time
smh, just another twitter tough guy who can't stand the fact they might be wrong. You stay classy.
#WFFConf12 Thank you Julia Stewart for all you do to inspire us all to aspire higher!
thanks to C.F. for the shout out!
can u pls teach me how to be a SOCIALIST?
Did I just hear say "...and I want to stay here (#Detroit) forever..."???? YYYYYEEESSSS!!!!!
I feel ya. I'm a beer league superhero by night and a cubicle jockey by day.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend -Kevin
David downloaded the new #HappyBlueSlideParkDay. I feel hip.
MERRY CHRISTMAS Everyone!! I hope you have a wonderful safe one!!
Im really annoyed too.
I think they just put the scary parts only on the trailers so people can go see it
1921- #FieldMuseum opened. It was housed in the building originally called the Hall of Fine Arts in the Great #Chicago Exhibition of 1893.
#What2ChainzWouldSay Got 2 chainz, both are huge. my swags strange, african food. Got yo bitch, on a date, take her home and fuck her late.
I usually don't watch the all the grammys but I really wanted to see Nicki manaj performance... I'm literally
RT : Another Hidden Bailout: Helping Wall Street Collect Your Rent: Here's yet another form of hidden bailout the fed......
Hoping to; fits between two drives to WAHS.
fresh to death im D.O.A
OMFG XAHZHHAJZJJA I HATE COMMERCIALS. brb dying from not seeing my boyfriend
You inspire me for all your compassion and love you spread!
How Interesting!
think I can do that
ok cool:) what should we do?
Publix Sushi Is Better Than Sex....And The Stroke Is No Joke My Friends....
Zumba'd to Justin Bieber, Britney Spears and One Direction today
oh, but you took the first shot, BOY. Either rate, i am dropping it. Continue if you want, i am done
Not only that but the #tacomac manager was a complete jerk. Avoid Suawnee #tacomac at all costs
On International Day of Migrants-March w NICE (New Immigrant Community Empowerment) to Wall Street! 12/18 1:30-5 Foley Sq. to Zuccotti Pk
New music coming soon!!
Lately mine takes a long time to start up due to indexing a workspace. Annoying.
You find a hole in the wall... see the world through new eyes... LOVE Ilijah. They're all over the Ethic stereo for Local Music Thursday!
Yes we should. Text me 304.356.1464 & we'll figure something out.
You have to do a good entry interview AND a good exit interview or your performance doesnt matter.
How is it I'm laying in bed on a Friday night.
Playing Wordfued best Androind app ever
#3ImportatntWords Seems pretty simple... I Love You Be sure and tell those important to you. Sometime it is later than you think.
well, i don't understand.. and i'm just gonna go home and be bored by myself.. i'd rather be bored with you! ugh.
refilled my aleve bottle this morning!
Confucius Say - A Magazine is a bunch of printed pages that tell you what's coming in the next issue.
Thank you for joining us at our sampling party....and great to meet you too!
did she pee on your face?
The MusicCares tribute to Neil Young features an amazing set of songs performed admirably by fellow artists.
Sitting next to the Mohn broadcast center with the nervousness you feel if you are in close proximity to a celebrity, eep!
I need 2 help get intro FB page app that automatically collects emails from "likes". Can you advise? thx!
Found out last night that I'm missing most of if not all country concerts this summer :(
and early dismissal tomorrow:)!!!
Deer gawd am I lonely. I need cats. And/or food. Ok both.
"The life of a man consists not in seeing visions & in dreaming dreams, but in active charity & in willing service." cc. TY :)
Oh no! So very sad!!
@ thank you for the mention k Kevin Cheng
Y'all have a good day...
Aww TYVM hun XO! RT : Wow, that's amazing. Good for you!!!!!!!! Hope she has an amazing day tomorrow ~ ATB ~J
Aw thanks!
This is my last day of Project Funway The kids have out done themselves...
No one is off the bandwagon when we have seen this type of stuff our whole life.
Harriett, this time she blogged progress, prosperity, peace, and happiness
Man never made any material as resilient as the human spirit
My last exam for the semester....World Literature 3pm...wish me luck :)
Are you going to ? We are! Vote for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech & grab a Lefty at the job fair
I just wish I could get by with telling certain people to "F" off. Some people just really need to be told "F" off!
Somebody I think who should be more mainstream is Lola Monroe... She could be up there with Nicki, honestly!!
RT : Hello my talented HB friends! Hilton Chicago is looking for an Event Floor Manager / Blue Coat. apply!
bro what you doing?
loving on his wife at Funky Buddha last night #GoodThingsInTheWorld (made me go aw)
#Swag Bought me a new fitted, currently at the
#NP Rack City Cover- Weaving The Fate
Good, hockey is over! Of course baseball and soccer start in a couple of days.
Hey guys! Milky Joe made fresh Pina Colada today!! Come on down and make your CoCo LoCo!!!!!
Basketball time. Rock Chalk
started to refer to it as #headgirl but that.... Ain't right! Lol!!
do you gotta shit?
Its FRIDAY..what's going on?
The nice thing about it was that once you set it up, using the stars was pretty quick. Let's remember to report back on AI
well hm just say you took the Boob fat from it and stuck it in your ass lol
They mad cus I murderd the game and they name wasn't in the will.
Yes, b/c of his season full of injuries.
So now they start calling #Macbook Air #MBA!! WTF!
sounds great to me! So excited to catch up.
I love you blake Ops i mean jazmine!(;
Ditto! You'd think Fb could afford to create a sweet UX.
This week has gone by so fast, I can't believe it's Thursday tomorrow! Next week is gonna go by even faster (:
Hahaha! You and Mr. Furley would make an awesome team.
been on set for this film production since 6am -_- lol ill hit you asap.
Drooling after a day time nap and am 1/2 asleep.
How interesting. Now shut the fuck up I will flip in your face.
If you ain't wit the 2's then partner u losin !!!!!
hey, summertime is crazy. Soon though. Forward link to performance.
Whew! Paid my rent and bills this month...now I can focus again on my target goal...training + auditioning = bookings! Come on!!
its all about stupid plants...like I give a S***
Just voted in the City County Bldg. Very smooth. Constant line of people moving quickly. Get out and be heard today or tomorrow
just woke up from a dream where some band named "NBD" covered all our songs and made them jazzy.
Tonight. Balzac. 830ish. Be there to celebrate 's day of birth. Come one and all!!
": Bitches, Rozay, patron.. #Tao" ugh, without me... Not Ok
people laugh at lebrons hair line, he laughs at their bank account hahahahah
I just love Arizona rain!
Like an idiot, I just watched Game of Thrones and missed all the live tweeting of Game of Thrones.
That looks like it could be awesome. *fingers crossed... tight*
yea I gt it bro itz hittn
Hence the reason I even express this shit on twitter, I just need to hear I am not alone in this believe me I know how you feel
Thanks for letting us take you away from your food on Wednesday(; oh and you're super hot and your abs are fudging amazing!<3
#icantgoadaywithout Rolling my eyes at some of the stuff people say on Facebook : /
Birthdays would be less awesome if they were called "You-once-slid-naked-out-of-your-mother's-vagina-while-strangers-watched-day"
Hey man. What's your email? I want to talk to you about something. - Brad
Nikki's dumb swizzled she's a juicer!
Yeah. I have another game on Tues.
haha. If you could go ONE place for dinner where would it be?
Thanks so much to our amazing speakers for #dhdebates event: Great dialogue about politics of DH!
The wrong man in your head, will stop #God from sending the true #soulmate that belongs in your bed. #relationships, #advice,
Def. thought about this before. 3-4 range I think. RT : What was your earliest verifiable memory and how old were you when you had it?
Is anyone else's twitter being stupid?
Some dumb ass asked me if my tui shirt was for a school. Idk why school has fucking baseball bats an brass knuckles as a mascot
thanks for showing the end of this big east game that is already over rather than the beginning of a top ten matchup!
I don't know if you watch Leno, but my boy Blake Shelton just declared he is a die hard cards fan! Yeee Haw!
Wishes a Happy aniversary to Wilhelm.
congrats to the university of delaware on getting both their men's & women's bball teams into post-season play.
You are. so. sloppy.... Hi
It is the journey rather than the destination where 1 finds both life & adventure!
Only catching random tweets on #MilwaukeeDay. Will have to read your #SaturdayMusic timeline in all its glory! Thanks :)
I guess i have to wear pants now
5 Species of Live Caterpillars munching on host plants, Hall B 1427
Once again #Apple skipped over OS X ThunderCat. They'd be the perfect spokescats to promote Apple's move toward #Thunderbolt devices.
Just for you, deary. You're welcome.
dang so many activities in bainbridge!! Lol
Don't have time to find a notary?? Then call us and we'll come to you! We offer Mobile Notary Service 24 hrs a day. Call us at 877-527-5737
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
What a start to the #MLB postseason! Who do you think will win?
We are preparing technology budget meeting materials. Start thinking of you needs for FY12/13
My boy got the job. 👌
It would. The PDF linked in the post is a good resource.
Funny thing I've ever heard.. "can't concentrate watching my Porn while I can hear a Live Sex next door".. lol.. /hilarious..
lol shut up. Ha im a swagged out weirdo tho. =P u still love me tho right?
thank you!!
Just Did A Movie
is on point with their music today
follow me please:)followed
“ Yep, I think I may have a reason to holla tonight @ Vixen”< Bol...spencer ur a mess.
wished i could had gone,but i had to work that night:/ i heard it was awesome!(: congrats!(:&thanks for coming to eagle eye!:)
I am very appreciative of our connection and am looking forward to strengthening the communication!
Planning to learn a bunch of new tech-y stuff in 2012. HTML5 through & other stuff through #codeyear. Pretty excited about it!
Well, you're so busy changing the world, just one smile can change all mine.
Really looking forward to the Lakers/Clippers game tomorrow night. It should be a great one>>GO CLIPPERS
"You gotta hydrate to gyrate." -
I have school tomorrow
STEM, Language Arts, Health/Citizenship, Programming, Arts
So happy I'm at the Cincinnati History Library & Archives...a little role reversal as I get to be the excited researcher
FORCING myself to call it an early night and get to bed before 4am like last night/this morning. UGH! Sleep Jane...SLEEP!
Boise State shutting up UGA and all the SEC loudmouths tonight, proving they could compete for an SEC Championship year in and year out.
oxygen rush. I just finished a 3.01 mi run with a pace of 7'55"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
that's the most common used cop out to avoid the discomfort of talking about slavery and i hate it smh
Right; figured it was an automated msg the service plugged in, but the fact they signed up for it is sad.
They definitely left the ending to Dark Shadows open for another movie.
Technology is amazing: now we can even access the fountain of youth without surgery! Thanks to we can all stay in Jr High forever!
my paper copy has the regular copyright statement on it :(
faculty talking about F2F office hours are dead. Adobe Connect Pro taking over - esp for large enrollment classes.
Drink to your health! Adding extra water to your diet can flush out toxins and waste products from the body.
I survived and I will live to fight another day!
Seriously though, that's awesome. . .Happy Holidaze!!!!!!!!
tempting. Like those gys in gym shorts? They may not be fashionable, but I love them...;)
It's Super Sunday! We will open today @ 2pm for the Super Bowl. Swing by!
okay now I love you. (:
Cough cough.... RT " Not removing my USB safely #YOLO"
Great game ! 4-0 against Roma!
I'm starting a collection of epic first lines to books I'll never write.
Terrorists went through all the trouble of hijacking a plane to crash it when all they had to do was not turn their iPod off during takeoff
That's the one!
#ParksAndRec ROCKS!!! totally knows why: bit.ly/psVY44 via
Those are adorable. More than I can spend for this project, but adorable.
Of course! Always use tongs that are meant for hookah because they are all metal.Kitchen tongs have harmful chemicals on them
im so confused peytin didnt die?:o
OK you got my follow :-)
Have a great show!
Love the interview. Thanks!
thank you! <3 and i already did! (:
I can't find it :(
yuk, I am a soppy mess :( what the
Starting my workouts again. i wish i could stop drinking soda, but my dad always overloads on soda.
I have nothing to wear tomorrow :O
Gorgeous day to live in San Diego, CA
Afghanistan War until 2024? I now know how people felt in 1967. #WhatIsThe Mission?
House of lies was great tonight! The show is getting cold and deep.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I love someone special, And it isn't you! Haha! Just kidding! Love you all! Merry Valentines Day guys!
Great Xtranormal video at Terry Kawaja keynote #adtech Anyone have the link?
ThanksGiving Was The Best I Ate ALil Too Much
At the airport heading to #Seattle for wedding! #yayforweddings!
Trying to see am I going to school or not.....
good call beer bistro beerhoptacular judge man!
Leprechaun stole me marijuana .... Dag nabbit !!
SACRAMENTO BOUND in t-minus 9 DAYS!! =D
Hooker's complicated man: officers hated him, his men loved him. GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan #CivilWar $2.99 Amazon?Kindle
Ah, yes. Let me just put that on my indie-bookseller-jet-set-expense-account. I'll be there!
#cubs took 2 of 3 from the #Braves. Nice job.
Tropical martini was live shut it down S/O to the Rozay girls and Ron Albury!
thanks for the love. we're big fans of you and that bear friend you have. good luck in chicago. our old hometown!
#nyy This is the #Yankees 14th home game and Grandy has 9 HRs at home !!! That projects to ......53 HRs for the season.... AT HOME. LOL
maybe you should just pay more attention to your surroundings lol
I have no no clue!
oldies but goodies
I think you know what the right choice is...
sounds like a party
You tell me that you need me then you go and cut me down. OneAndOnly<3
Mcdnlds before the beach.
Its kinda weird that my prom group consist of one other couple & the girl is someone i met a few months ago
Windows 7 looks like a winner are you guys planning launch parties?
Yes! had ROCKINGEST time w gal pals last Fri..I wanna do it again!
new version original?
that's ok I love your tweets.
You know your going to a dangerous neighborhood when you type your destination in the GPS and it says "ABORT MISSION!!"
#Warpedtour tickets all day! Caller 98 on the touchtones wins.
I would do a 'typo ' but don't feel like it
Working with an older story and discovering I really had a thing for the name Paul. No point in two characters with one name! Find&Replace..
Heads up dude, I will be in your neighborhood for Summer Namm... mid-July. Pencil a Bolton's lunch into your calendar.
Good to know! I wasn't completely hooked by that first episode! ()
You left me for her? Oh ok hope you have fun don't come running to me when its not what you wanted
good luck tonight !! we'll be howling from Wisconsin!
i wont be illegal pretty soon. and not in all states. lol
I thought u was talking about the new new one
"Broke 100 likes on urbanspoon, thank you!" - puts you in my book! -Conrad
SM like any other form of communication can be appropriate or not. Kids need to know that.
Oh gosh that was awful but I feel really good now! Haha 💪👙 getting that #beachbod 💜💜💜
Did you not see the comma? I'm telling to lay off our girl Carrie. She's OK!
OK, I srsly got to get some work done now. this sad old website content isn't going to move itself.
Do you think it's harder for women to lose weight than men?
But everyone hated that Girls' Day performance, Unless everyone is in ill health I think it was probably just crap.
haha, im chill.
Thank you for the RT!
This heart monitor is driving me nuts. My chest also hurts
Go hard today, can't worry bout the past cause that was yesterday
Preferably sea-faring. Definitely not butt!
Not yet. But my book club is reading Silver Sparrow this month. Plan to start it on Wednesday after I finish The Replacement Wife
When should I expect your next pithy, inaccurate, and predictable post on HuffPo?
All wrapped up! Thanks for all the support! We've got nothing but tamale love for ya.
When the teacher is talking to the whole class, but she chooses to stare directly at you
been there.
Ha! #itsthatgood “: trying to hangout w/ but she's just watching Dexter instead. So now I'm just staring at her face.”
good morning #Cleveland!! Are you enjoying this snow?
are you good with your #productcampSTL presentation idea?
Wow!! He missed the field goal.... I'm stunned
Graduation Day!
Real niggas do real things
lmao oh stop, i love meeting my subscribers!!
What's for lunch today? Join us for one of our five lunch specials for under $8.99 (including a drink!)
today is also my little cousins Birthday he is 2
Hang in there!
Choreographing a "Go Away Rain" Dance Native American Style. Anyone is welcome to join in
listened 2 your pod, SP who yet 2 break out/ good value 4 Royals n future, H. Bailey, Morrow, Nolasco, Bedard come to mind
Glad I decided not to go to the #Pirates game tonight. Only thing worse than the Pirates would be watching them in cold rain.
#Teamfollowback Don't forget to mention Twitter or FB & receive 15% off your purchase(excludes tobacco products, herbal incense & Kratom)
didn't they kind of do that with meridien? If I remember right you couldn't use any of your old abvb media.
Mark Quigley w/excerpt from evangelical Lutheran church of America features boy on path to serial killer
i just want to do everything im not supposed to right now i wanna fuck i wanna shoot heroin i wanna run away and wake up in an alley ugh
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOO I KNOW. fuck your life. and send it too mee!
Look for reviews in new Video Librarian: Woodmans, Priest of Love, Romantic Englishwoman, Keaton shorts, Sound of Insects +more.
Late night chillin in the lab like a mad scientist....Rippaaaa!!!!
thanks for the follow, what's up?
There's still snow in them thar hills
We have a new member on our team to keep your faces feeling refreshed, smooth, healthy, rejuvenated & relaxing
Lil riddle/math question, if NJ=G+T+L and CHI=NJ-T+L, what does CHI=? And to the old man next to me, pick ur balls up off the ground!
I hate when it's cold outside and then I go in a warm place and my glasses fog up.
ughh dont feel good .. should start my spring break hw..
Where do you post proofs that a customer hasn't chosen when you know it's not always the art work that disagrees with the client, perhaps m…
downtown, tonight!
im new to twitter..
Making coffee cake today (for the first time!) hope it's yummy.
So you're all out Wisconsin...Awesome! And I agree Packers football is the best!
can't wait to see you on and iCarly
It's really helpful. Interested in building future certificate opps. into grad student prof. PD in the future.
I was being smart....I thought you would hate the taste of Tyson...
Graduation Party This Saturday. Hit me For details.
Thanks Dom, had a blast! Hope 2 do it again next season, which means I F'd up & BOK's save me!
Thank you! I look forward to reading the book!!
An Espresso Book Machine wow, how cool! you are so cutting edge :)
can't wait for August 18! Meeting you guys will be a highlight of my year!
That, to me, is the EXACT definition of winning. Lucky, with a degree of competence. :)
“: Selling my espresso setup today. - Hey I might have some interest in that.
The ref didn't see the freakin goal in front of him!
what are some the advantages and disadvantages of the school budget
I Watch Spongebob Everyday After School
&&' Just Here With My Frieendd &' Listenin to music (:
Search until you find a costume that you truly like and that is well-made
Could you please please credit that cover video to "Wax Ecstatic & The Pympster"?
ANDRES. ANDRES DON'T YELL AT ME. YOU'LL DAMAGE YOUR BLACK LUNG EVEN FURTHER.
#Rememberwhen Austin skyped his fans for free, when it didn't take spam for him to notice you, and remember when he would dm us regularly.
Uncomplicated Woman: #4 She processes past her emotions into her #PURPOSE!
procrastinate now. don't put it off.
Looking for a legal job. Do you think maritime law is a good niche to go into because of piracy? I can say "Arrrgh" well-:)
I may have a Happy Meal when absolutely necessary...but no Big Macs
obama boston
“: I tell it like it is if you don't like it I'm sorry ...”
my dumbass went all the way to work thinking i had to be to work at 9 this morning
lol I had a proud moment
riding a bike in the rain(: you?
Thanks For braving the cold weather Metro Center Ficellenians! See you next week!
Bought iPhoto & wish I could try. Servers: "Unable to Check for Update" for hours, so can't get iOS update in order to install.
Good talks about tile rendering technologies from
I love Modern Family.
You can't build a worker for 6 months then decide they aren't ready and swerve. They were stuck & they failed.
Saturday and Sunday are suppose to hit 72. Anyone want have a Sunday Funday? A.K.A Kickball? Baseball? Flag Football? Basketball? Crochet?
I'm so excited I can drive now 
oh sheet, good for you! in quite jealous >.>
I need to go to bed lol. That one hurt, gotta sleep it off
Tonight I'm spinning at public house and club kiss from 10-11pm on 1035 kiss fm Chicago & 1035kissfm.com!
so true
Happy Intl Women's Day! "Let us reaffirm our commitment to women’s rights and move forward with courage and determination" -
& if one more dude calls me LilMomma , ima SCREAM >_<
had SO many good scenes like when you gave up Trevor or funny scenes when you married Jake whatever you choose should win
At The Gym! Becoming A "Super Saiyan"
oh yes definitely. Kanye is the authority on everything!
Lmao at everyone's angry tweets😂thank you #finsdraft😒
Don't come at my girl like that pussy nigga RT : tighten up jitt you soft
Hi. Please cheer me up? No? Okay :)
Breaking Bad: free gift with every purchase of meth cook.
Writing a Prayer for Financial Healing today (('cause don't most of us need a little financial healing!)
Not in the greatest mood ..
Bottle of red and ready to rumble. Heading to Miss for some fine dining and a likely dance break.
- check your salad. It may be bugged. Sorry...that was so bad!
My mom can buy shit for Erin but never for me.
Campbell County Republican Mass Meeting April 19,2012 Offical Call | Advancing True Conservatism in Campbell County Virginia...
Never lose control of an irate customer at your #startup. Design 3 resolutions, have them pick 1. They get choice and you maintain control.
thanks a lot Bruno, I appreciate it!
A shout out to MY friend, be a friend and follow my friend!
seeking bass, lead, keys and female backups.
Diss committee assembled! So far one told me to read more Tom McCarthy; one, more Lem; one, more PKD. Beginnings, beautiful friendships, etc
Hahahaha I BOMBED the math section on my PSAT
#PowerAlley w/: #Cubs & #Braves join us. Tee time: 10aET/7aPT
Off to do sit-ups, push-ups, squats, and the like at boot camp. After a full day at Disney. Me, oh my!
S/O to and see you all at The Virginia Event on March31st!
HOLY SHIT KAITLYN YOU DRIVING IS SCARIER THAN SEX
Thank you for the mentions - great info on your Copywriting Daily, proud to be part of it!
Always consider your inventory as cash and count it consistently and thoroughly. Use OCRA to simplify your invoices by calling 303-333-OCRA
U aint following so i cannot DM u RT : Yea, been a long time. We'll meet up
Digging my way thru corporate mazes attempting to get to appropriate persons to speak with. Amazing how many corps don't want inbound comm
Judge done asking questions, taking evidence, looking at affadavits of service.
OK I'm FEELING ABSOLUTELY SUPER FABULOUS TODAY!
because Taylor can do whatever she wants
Is radio slowly getting extinct? Which media will survive?
Live video broadcasting software is preferred by the young generation so that they can share and broadcast the videos and live performances
I told ya!
#OTPCrew Love to see you all this week!!
i think religion was created as humans tried to understand and explain senseless deaths. and to try to figure out what death is.
Any recs for an excellent bio of her? I want to know more now! I mean she helped Sinatra create such lovely music too....
I almost feel bad for him here the word ALMOST
I love you babe!
come on? I know you got my tweet. Let's hear the bullshit you wanna start with someone tonight
My pops same way... but trust me, it skipped a generation... lol
IS SHE YOUR GRANNY GREYSON?!
aw she's so pretty :)
I'm working on it right now with ! You might say this search engine itself is part of the adjacent possible.
But I also saw a curvy (not size 0) woman in cute pink stretch cord skinny jean & floral tunic. Looked great!
I mean is 7 cops really necessary for a guy dumping water in the Library?? #SMH #Really??
Going to taco bell when i leave from getting my hair done
This Bosh shit might affect us more than I was thinkin
I will be missing while on this flight. My routine is disrupted.
So stoked to go see tonight, but now the problem of what to wear is on my mind....
It's ridiculous I have to drive 30 minutes into Ohio to get heavy cream. What's your beef with heavy cream, Kentucky?
Didnt dude try to kiss him? RT : Will Smith Was Dramatic As Fuck huh???.....WOW o.O
ah, those guys! Shhh! Secret! (:
haha - sorry dude. Friday is my social media day!
- you are never over #MostVotedPlaylists ft -Lolipop
u da talk of da town who is dat
Abundance is, in large part, an attitude. ~Sue Patton Thoele
Bluntin it up..rollin through the islands on way to the keys. And it is so fucking awesome
Out bowling with . First time since high school
Just sat in my room for 3 hours thinking .. Finally calmed down , now we wait
Can't wait to pimp out in the future episodes of Kartrashians!
You can listen on demand bro! It's on M-F 10PM-1AM ET. Here's the link www.nickandartie.com. It's 95% sports too! GREAT SHIT!
Cognitive surplus MT : for twitter followers perform function of extensive support team--as volunteers.
bro do you have a band behind you? how old is your group?
ok(: So how you doing? Im fukkin bored!
Quote of the Day: Do what you can, with what you have, where you are....Theodore Roosevelt
you can come live in the brown house! But only brown people!
RT 101 G street in San Diego...rally for SoCal grocery workers
#B4USleep Don't forget 2 thank the man above 4 we are nothing with out Him! I have a lot of great ppl in my life n I thank you..
follow me plzzz
I like it.
well long time no talk.!
SNOOKI IS PREGNANT?? the world is ending.
Hey guys... ya ever pop a woody when getting a physical from a female doctor?
I'm digging this Instagram shit. I ain't gotta tell U what it is... Nothing better then a visual. C 4 yoself
I was following her but she didn't follow back and she didn't help me gain lol
He chiseled it out of West Virginia coal, and had it turned into a diamond.
Come on zipper follow me even though pesca doesn't RT : My friend follows one person, me. "twitter is useless & boring"
ready for round 2, and ?
lol! RT Every time I see that Samuel Jackson iPhone ad I want him to ask Siri if Marcellus Wallace looks like a bitch
50 cent is life.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our US Reshapers! What are you doing to stay on track and be healthy this weekend?
Nokia prepping ‘hybrid’ devices and tablets, admits it failed to adapt
ANOTHER DAY IN THE LIFE OF FITNESS, BICEPS, BACK & ABS!! STAY FOCUSED STAY POSITIVE RESULTS DON'T COME OVER NIGHT!!
I played around with his tree software (I think that is the name). Would love to explore origami and math. R u doing this?
"Journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed. Everything else is public relations" - George Orwell
im not tryin to get kicked out of school and if I beat his ass like bobby he will press charges !
yes, how did MLB approve it? It's so goofy!!!
Your pictures are sensational!
People that post there number on a social networks for attention <<<<<<<
says the guy who didn't get out of district...
TGIF and make it a double!
joined the club....
You bet! Here's one now. :)
Ladies and gentleman my instacanvas will be up by the morning !!!!!!! :)
Oh sure, have him there "in office" the week I am NOT coming to see you. ;)
Oh boy! are you sitting? 14 almost 15. Yeah, yeah, I know, part of my problem w/ the biz. But I am catching up to myself. :-)
you are amazing and i love you in the Big Bang Theory<3(:
What exactly is IRONIC about this? RT "There's a dude at the #occupyseattle protest with a mac book pro #ironic"
yes it does
I will take good care of you
All my moves are calculated,if don't show love it's very much so intentional
Woo Friday finally . Ima kick it wit my niggas
Jane Wellman of the National Association of System Heads is up now
"Effect change outside of government" sounds like something someone says when they go into community organizing, btw.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 40
You can now book a table at Sustenio right on their Facebook page! Go to "Book a Table Online."
don't know if io can ever forgive u
What is your TOP priority in life?
My thoughts are with the people of Japan today. Let's hope the worst is behind them, not in front.
Yeah Im a Mahomie. But Im also a Psanderette, Belieber, and Directioner.
Sounds so delicious! RT : yes! Baked fish in banana leaf, red chilli, lemongrass and onion
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world
wow. Lol. That's gonna be an epic trip man.
Is it just me or is REALLY REALLY cute c;
So glad someone has one.. we have rain! Eeeps! :)
Did people answer you about this? It was a good question!
Please do!
Business in the front party in the back
Just had a great first meet with the actress I'll be working with. First time reading with her and we clicked. Love when that happens!
Paul Nicely as Edgar Allan Poe - with his women: and Abigail Wright!
What's the over/under that Red Sox Manager Bobby Valentine doesn't make it to the All Star Break?
To be brutally honest, we have suffered bigtime since Robert Gibbs left the West Wing. Jay doesn't know how to lie nearly as well as Bobby.
RT : If you have been hurt in an accident or a deliberate action, and are considering filing a personal injury......
cool part of thats me and my friend we thought yall looked adorable so we kept watching it lol(:
nice. where'd you see her?
Do not pitty the dead, pitty the living specially the ones that live without love...
Well that sucks!! Too crowded to even attempt the Monday #boxing class. Boo! Other people are such a downer
so u single
Neon green? : Did u get your pre-trip mani pedi ? I went for a crazy color in honor of my bday - can u guess?”
Hi luvs! Tweet me If you want a follow back! Xo
Thanks! Glad we'll get to work with you!
well there's not abs
So mad right now!!!!
bye bye+++6
Early morning facepalm: "Message: Action 'doesRoleNameExist' does not exist and was not trapped in __call()"
RT: "Apparently everyone has been won for Jesus and our work is done. That must be why no one is at work today." -JerryD
people who say "thats not what your mom/dad said last night" are lame af. WHY WERE YOU FUCKING MY MOM/DAD LAST NIGHT?! smfh.
Late dinner @ Bollini's in Monterey Park. Super thin crust pizza & amazing pasta, Eastside is picking up speed in the food dept.
woman on #millionaire: "i've never even heard of the 'communist manifesto'"
Yes I'm glad is back girl u beautiful chica...with size & brains/ beauty u are a force to reckon with
....at work im beat, gloomy weather has me tired, thnx goodness to coffee cooladas.....
I may not be on top of the world...but I always make sure that I'm always hi enuf to look down!¡!
But I am learning to embrace that side of me ... If I don't no one else will
Happy Sunday twitter family & remember - kindness cost nothing and knowledge is power!!
Studying at the lib with
Follow back?
“Love is holy because it is like grace--the worthiness of its object is never really what matters.” Marilynne Robinson
#incaseyoudidntknow I'm a Libra
Hi New York, Hi Seth! my usual Ed Hardy shirt was torn by pigeons. It took me weeks to find that same one. I found a few & bought them all.
you sir might just be in denial, I believe this one.
Think it's time to call it a night..!
NP! We are Orlando based and support the Orlando Community.
Hey Bill, do you like creamy or chunky peanut butter?
Looks like it. I'll try and catch you next time I'm out east. Agree it was a great meeting...
I really empathized with Thandie Newton's character.
Can you help me? I have our tv on and just 20min ago a commercial/trailer for a VERY vivid horror film came on???
Only as good as your sources (4) - Record-Searchlight (blog)
thanks bro will do....
I'm leaving my house in a minute!
CHOSEN W/ A PURPOSE...💋
yea I got you.. I'm usually partying down there every other weekend.
Either way my hate4her would b worth whatever shit my reaction got me in2 lol & I'm not2good2really slaughter her,anymore.
maybe you shouldn't be on them so much ;D
Guys, uhm. We love your Twilight fan fiction. But no matter how good it is, we can't publish it. No more, please.
that's not true!
Strong standards are great.What's next to increase transportation choices so ppl have to buy less gas?
ok the Ronald Mcdonald clown always scares me but i believe McDonalds should keep him
Which author will be the best bartender? That's the real question to address.
cant wait to hang out with tommorow :)
I can give Pinterest invites if anyone @ #smbootcamp wants one now.
I hate the moment when I realize the bus would have been faster than the metro.
q1: informal calendar in our office. each display location has two displays per month. we all keep full.
Completely baffled by shortsighted people. Ah well, yesterday was fun.
Hey lady - thanks for the RT when will be seeing your face around these parts?
There are so many Jews in Penn Station right now.
What bill?
Avia Napa - lovely hotel but really a 15 min wait just to order your breakfast, and another 20 to get it?
on my ipod! love music! <3
Gardening with my mom! What do you have planned for Mother's Day weekend?
Good luck!! You're having a great season... keep it going!
Tech services in an archive as possible profession? Or creating the user interface for the archival techs? Decision, decisions.
When all you need is that person <3
You have a twitter!! Good to hear you're back safe and sound, miss you too!!!
Something is wrong about an adult rising a razor scooter downtown.
Incubus - Stellar: via
Thanks! The Muddle in the Middle chapter is a great one in that book for neuroanth
My first ever in-person improv experience is taking place right now at the #Summit 2011. Terrifying and exhilarating at once!
please ad on facebook today!
All the gay dudes & ladies just stood up at the same time & started dancing !! What a sight
So... Paul's "rudiments" (KJV) are Euclid's Elements, the oldest classic math book. Paul saying "disregard math?"
59% of Americans surf web while watching tv--Alec Howe, Breaking Trends, Magnet Conference, Amsterdam.
It took SO LONG to get here! lol. The #BBN is crazy happy to have you! Biggest family you can EVER be a part of!
We're opening 10 minutes late, due to maintenance work in the store. See you in just a few!
We receive temporary assignments on a daily basis! If you have #records or #library experience and would like to be considered, reach out!
Sounds good. Where are all the cool kids going to be this weekend anyway?
High lifes? High lives?
thank you. really glad you are enjoying it.
just did loool
Over under on number of pitching appearances by position players in that stretch is 3.
dont watch me.
more than words???
yup comes out today!
Talking to the person that meant the world to you and getting the feeling they forgot it even happened <<
Heat lightning is the bomb
At least he is famous for having
Another playoff Overtime game for the #Devils... Stop doing this!
Hi Ekaterina thanks for the follow.
I think it's time to start my senior outfit slide
Prostate Protection from Enlargement Can Be Achieved Naturally ...: This condition is widespread, as according to the National Instit...
or better known as "mi pobre angelito"
0oh.i got kicked off stage after 10mins of being on stage
Am i gonna see you on later? RT : Just got hit by Lee Westwoods ball on
RT: Everything happens for a reason
Releasing out anti-SOPA PSA tomorrow after the blackout ends!
very creepy since you are responding to my I lick my ketchup phone tweet
Happy Bithday Pastor Miles!
Wait when?
Fever First Fridays | Classic 80s & 90s tunes all night long! | Free before 10pm | 9PM - 2AM | |
Waiting for that sweet, right guy to come along <3
Can tell when there ain't shit happening on MY fb, I always end up back here for some reason.......
hey thanks for the foolow.
no worries!!
Both? Some libs use multiple retrievals from offsite as criterion to repatriate to campus, esp if steady over time vs spike
Not impressed with the summer jam line up.
That certainly seems like a good way to start the day (and the new season!)
Andres Serrano will be the KCAI commencement speaker this year.
Hello mike, hope this finds you well.
i think my future fell asleep on mee lol .
Watching some old GG tonight. Ah, I love GG season 3. Chuck/Blair. Nate/Serena. Dan/Vanessa. Perf.
Extreme Fitness yo
Follow her shes a true Directioner and my buddy :)
lol. What have you been drinking tonight?
There's no need to decide a game on something like that. Iguodala sold it well too.
I just want you to be happy. I believe in all your dreams. You have an angelic smile
Sure! Come work with me instead!
We take this way too seriously.
Could be that this person does not care.... Welp, I font give a hoot!!!
the next
Drinking some mammajuana on my brother jamals name
purple because penguins cant fly RT : RT : If I have 5 apples and Jamal takes 3, what color is Jamal?
makes it more entertaining when they gown down in flames
Jack Bandit
Line of storms now along and west of a line from West Bend to Lake Geneva. Moving to MKE by 7am
yeah, it was. But everyone was broken! The game's execution is notoriously hard. You have to jump cancel 10 times for some bnbs.
Happy 7 years to
My stupid TL is dead as fuck and my tummy hurts :( fuck my c-section :(
we will fight!
I endorsed Dr Jay Weerasinghe on BranchOut, "your professional profile on Facebook"
yo I just fell in love with you Ron!!!!!!! Hahhaha creative
It's a magical kingdom.
neighborhood pride leads to a vibrant city, leads to more visitors. Gay-cations in Hillcrest are great for San Diego.
I spent Saturday eve at Barry Minkow's church.The former pastor/con man was "cast out" of the Community Bible Church.Story tonight 10News
RT : Happy Thanksgiving all my American friends =0) <--thanks and likewise!
Going to karate! and now comes back(: yay i love her!!!!
Have a great time! Hope you enjoy the Capitol from an "insider" view.
Sun🌅rises night🌄falls what you do in between is up to you.
Damn you gotta step up your dress shoe game! HAHA!
#grocery shopping for the week done and home just in time to beat #Austin #traffic!
Lolol. So basically you made Ur bed ?
Lesly is retarded
No more carrying my #passport around.
you always get them in your toe and you wake up from a dead sleep just so you can scream that your in pain lol
Wow, he would call me when the game is about to be over. Asshole, Im gunna punch him in the face tmrw faggot.
~ Its crazy but true ; I can't see myself with nobody but you.. ~
New Tweet Peeps! TFTF! , ,,
put your game face on. Lets go back to PHX for game 7
Switch to U.S. Cellular and you'll get top-notch customer service. Ever have an issue or question, just call, come into a store or tweets us
OVERTIME!! Let's Go #DallasCowboys!
Did join Twitter just to let more people know that he doesn't Twitter? ;-)
don't ask me to "hang out", what am i your fucking laundry?
Bernie Boricua!! My favorite Yankee of all time. Cuidate bro!!
Struggling with infertility: Fox59 is talking live with 'Apprentice' winner Bill Rancic about his & Guilianna's fight for a family - next!
"the car crash you had I thought it took you away from me And I aint too strong to deal with the vacancy"
I am a recovering online Scrabble addict; it's been calling my name lately, but thus far, I've managed to resist.
I know really.
Yes ma'am! You go gurrl!
So for all of you that read Out Here in Narnia thank you so much! Its just hit 400 reads :) Much love! -Caitlin xx
have fun at Leadville. Good luck with your pace making. I'll be running 13.1 tomorrow am. Not quite 100, but...
Lets go #kansas...you ate my national champion team.....I dont need my bracket busted more
We the people are..masters of both congress..courts, not to overthrow the constitution, but..men who pervert the Constitution. A. Lincoln
I fucking hate when Papelbon comes in to pitch in a 4 run game, and I get no save. Pisses me the fuck off. Fuck you Polanco.
Hope it wasn't a 12 year old!!! Wats been goin on white boo
in Dallas!!!
~Always leave your mark and always strive for your dreams and to never give up on what you believe in~
Use it if you want, otherwise I'm going to be solo zen and drink quite a bit of beer.
levis and weed
When whores defend other whores I ctfu
Last day at the visitor center! How crazy!
charge #HEAT ball!!!!
Glad You Came by The Wanted >>>>>
Hopefully i can get my phone fixed tommorow
Oh no! Someone ransacked our house! What the...oh wait. It was my little one. Nevermind. Carry on:-)
In the eyes of the NeuroTypical World, there is nothing Autistics can do that is ever "good enough"
C'mon Kansas !
TY RT Debra, scot the food doc Dr Scot Lewey
Drinking Rwanda Tumba Cocatu brewed in the siphon... Delicious.
Lambda Chi Alpha will be arriving at #AmericanU in less than a week! Have you scheduled your meeting yet?
looking forward to it
heads or tails?
U in bro?? Is it true. God is good.
#90sBack Immature use to be that shit.. NOT imx
Thanks to for an awesome #SmallBizPgh #Twitterchat last night!
RT : A GOOD WOMAN can make you happy when nothing else can.
“Thanks for inviting me to lunch and for allowing the check to remain on the table, untouched for an uncomfortably long period of time.”
Will Smith Iz By Far Da Best Rapper Who Doesnt Use Profanity. Im Not Sayin He'z Da Best Rapper Eva But He Da Best Who Doesnt Curse.
LOL I caught that too. Was waiting for her to snap like the last time.": Sue Simmons just fucked up on the air"
I tried to play a few tongue games....she screamed NO!!!!! SMH! I need to put the games back into rotation.
is your heart taken? is there somebody else on your mind? i'm so sorry, i'm so confused, just tell me, am i out of time?
You definitely need to follow me back lols.
Love that one Looking forward to the 21st. That works for you?
Sorry, Re-airing the #cnndebate doesn't make it any better than the first time around.
You hate me? That's cool. I don't live to please you anyway.
i seriously want him to come SO bad.if he doesn't well see in the future IF i can. Is my shirt here already?
It's in the past is not an excuse for everything....
wow, I didn't know you had a twitter! How have you been?
Time to catch up on 3 weeks of !
time to degree is supposed to be 6 years I think, I would say in my case my own damn procrastination got me 8!
The Browns are threatening to kick a field goal
Approx 30 mins until trivia for 2 tix to game today! Everyone get your fingers/thumbs ready first (fully correct) answer wins!
YESS YESS PLEASE DO FOLLOW MEE ID REALLY APRECIATE IT AND PLEASE FOLLOW to XD lots of love
My band is headlining a show may 12 at music evolution in orland park!!
Retweeing some updates from today as they host CEO Ursula Burns today. Stay tuned for #leadership advice!
love you too. Where are you?
agh! Awesome! Alrightyy! This weekend? Ill text ya :)
Played a benefit 2nite 4 the new Pennsylvania Jazz Coalition org. A good crowd showed up 4 the auction & music. Lots of happy people.
Is it possible for the LMS to have multiple points of entry, so that everyone has a place, and use can grow 1/2
How many pizzas will be consumed at the Helen C. House Party this year? Stop by Sept. 15 and count the empty boxes!
Looking forward to hearing Stephen Costello tonight in philadelphia!
Miami field trip. <3
Just discovered that Neil and The Queen are the same age.
please turn this trash off {the bachelorette}
Can girls break their vagina ?
I'm not watching the game but following but why is the sportacular app showing Punto in for Peedy? Is he hurt?
i think i'll be in west palm beach for a day too to visit my grandpa
Great... I can't wait to put it up on the site!
I was a sports reporter last year but now I'm on the Board of Campus Publications, which just oversees the newspaper & yearbook
Next up for Timbers: Columbus Crew. We'll have pair of tickets up for grabs Sunday at 6pm on Timbers In 30.
is like a member of our family. There are more pictures of him than and me in our house. This is devastating.
The intersection of Carey Road and Simmons Street is open in all directions.
Im already tired of hearing about Peyton Manning
The truth is coming out. END FOR DEMAND is all about attacking porn and the adult industry using the plight of real victims.
Say hi for me, she's an old teacher and future colleague of mine at HC!
Still way too super dorky to train indoors in full-armed wetsuit. Srsly.
hahah was just about to text you
62 degrees in December? I knew there was a reason I moved to the south.
Looking for earphones to use when running that won't fall out. Any suggestions?
In washington state you either have rain our pollen on you car... at all times
Wow. 75mph winds in #ABQ. Dust storm of major proportions.
Thank you for making this amazing program possible!
Absolutely! Cheers to a great 2012 vintage!
I missed the client list.
oh god not even! Only you and Jazmin will be sexy, ill be looking like a derp.
#2 what we expect them to do with it.If we expect all of my mom's students to patronize certain organizations, it's probably a waste of time
well thank you ma'am!
If people insist on acting like an idiot, I must insist on treating them like one.
do NOT be sorry for a loss where you gave 100%. Well-played game and entire season. Thank YOU, for a great season.
Unbelievably great again man. Stay who you are because you are BRILLIANT.
we are building "Kickstarter x AngelList" for filmed entertainment. Chris Erro mentioned your name. Open to meeting?
Leaving FL today, huge bummer.
U Still Tryin To Get That Tee??
It's official: I'm moving to Hong Kong or New York after my holidays in a week. Adios London, hello...?? Let the adventure begin....
RT probably a facial, u need to meet me in Vegas next month to do a scene with me and
Euro pressured as ECB dampens rate hike prospect
At home I love home
I'm generally a very patient man, I'm flexible and easy going but the contractor and his minions are on my sh*t list.
Tonight! At The Boro Bar & Grill w/ , & 9pm 21+ $5. Support local music!
really da grizzlies supposed 2 be 2-0. da clippers cant beat them folks mane. they just got lucky last game
BLACK being the operative word ": #TedNugent has agreed to plead guilty to transporting a black bear he illegally killed"
Problem solved. I am starting my new job tomorrow, no more delay.
I had a delightful time, too! Thank you for the conversation and just being a wonderful person all around! :)
Is it one kiss or 3 kisses?
Yeah that's gotta be true. This one got better reviews than others but it's pretty much a shithole.
Thank you for all your hard work! I really appreciate it!
Teen booster for meningococcal vaccine very important! Gives significant increase in protection 3-5 yrs after shot.
Thanks girl sorry I didn't get back to ya sooner! Hope your day was great
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 6:04 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Therapist has space to share, across the road from Old Town, hub zone dm if interested
do you personally think he should have been fired?
yes ma'm!!!!! And we dont fuck with synthetic... Thats a no no
Very Nice Video. I think you got the leg of in the video. Thanks again to
That awesome moment when your aunt washes and waxes your car when youre at work
Just heard from an artist who creates scrimshaw art from old pool cue balls made of ivory. Fascinating! She is sending photos - snail mail!
Well "MUNCHKIN" was very detailed. I enjoyed it greatly
Just saw Ralph Wilson stadium in Orchard Park, I have to admit, there is nicer high school stadiums in Texas.
im at school (: chillen with aaron!
You ain't got nobody that can work like me! RT : I'LL WRAP YA HEAD IN WITH A FUCKIN RATCHET
Palindrome of the day: "Won't I panic in a pit now?"
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
A 49 year old man attempted to rob a New York bank with a....plunger. Something tells me he's about 3 fries short of a happy meal....
how u been
Good morning to you! Enjoy your epic day ahead! (RE: Lines - Ever use 's app 'Rehearsal'? Very handy.)
sleep is for the weak!
ABC’s Series SUPERNANNY is casting for season six: www.pageantcenter.com/pageant_announcements.html
Oh really now?
i just wanted to say hey:) cause im super bored
Waiting for HP aamfdjfdyebdjkslxx!!!!!
Today was crazy. And it isn't even over yet.
oh i love u. Youre a nice lady
that's exactly what I meant.
This is sad. I wish I could do something more
myspace.com/myrthaj
THE WOLVES "MEDIA" IS N FULL ATTACK MODE. NO MATTER WHAT POTUS SAYS THE'RE NOT SATISFIED. SHOULD'VE REMAINED STEADFAST "HE IS EVOLVING"
I'm delirious and tired. One critical review down, another one to go. Ugh.
yeah that place is a mess
pretty sure a celebrity died, so there was that.
Probably because you're still just a sophomore, I'm sure he'll probably take it off later :)
We are live in the studio for tonight's showing of at 7pm - The fine folks from Hallmark in are helping on the phone bank.
thanks again… I. personally can't promise anything but I ca make suggestions… do send your requests to the Director & Curator
what or who do you think? You, of course!!!
Agreed! I woke up at 4:43am. That would be crazy coincidence, if we didn't live in different time zones.
I hate how guys know they're in a relationship or you're in a relationship and they still try to flirt -_-
Tell me what you guys want me to vote for on Austins poll ! (:
Epilepsy Update is going well. Community and docs learning lots about epilepsy!
headed to Somerset homie. You'll get them next time homie.
Though I live in Boston, I think the #Patriots are going to get smoked by the #Giants in the #Superbowl on Sunday. Sorry
I wanna have webcam with and
It's time to call it a day & a very long day it was. Thank you, friends! Ciya @ 8pm, it'll be here before you know it. Goodnight!
but if I was skinny boy yo boy would get polos errday my guy it cost to high in my size
Good shit Pacers!
it isn't and there's nowt wrong with that I have loads of spots too..
We also do Insurance Inspections, and Real Real Estate Inspections 305-232-3344 Starting from 50.00
All your tweets say my name :)
Necrophilia has to be the easiest morning after
You act like you really like me. Then behind my back all you do is flirt with girls. Not cool.
Hey, is Jan & JoJo w/you? Need 2 wish them Happy Mother's Day. :-)
yes, those chirps are decidely weaker than before we got back
thanks for the inclusion!
ok. Fine then. Then why even mention Breitbart? It is irrelevant o this person.
Attempted to do yoga pose unnatural to human body, let alone out-of-shape human body, last night. Can not still feel my toes.
BAE = That's My Love . Main = You Ain't The Only One But You My #1 . Boo = We Ain't Together But You Mine . KNOW Where You Stand !
Sometimes it could be just to save/archive/read later.
Good luck to
I forgot about you last night. For the first time, in a long time, I did ...
I love most of the Harvard Sailing Team () sketches, but the "Jen Show" ones are just cruel & not funny. New series, please!
I hear that is joining us #digitaldeathday, but he overslept and is catching the train from SF.
the site looks awesome so far! i'm excited for the fall!
“ In Medieval France, people would burn cats over a bonfire and their ashes were collected for good luck” I'm not alone
Happy Birthday! Own that shit.
#ThingsUglyPeopleShouldntHave a cocky attitude.. get real.
Having a drink before #atlsex with
Best . Movie . Ever .
buy my girlfriends moms car off her to help her out with some financial issues. bleh
Believe in the ones that believe in you.
mane bro trying you know how we do!
HAHA OMG AW ! when i was little i tried to make my cats look pretty by dressing them up in my baby clothes :)
Day is almost over!
Just had fried pickles had sweet tea yesterday now just need friend chicken to complete the southern trifecta
How's everybody doing today?
NFL SUNDAY! Wear Your Team Gear and Get a FREE GIFT with $20 donation ALL DAY LONG! Full Menu WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy!!! ;)
The movie It's Complicated is so funny :-)
hello tweet me if u wanna tlk :D
haha he will! just keep asking(:
What's hard about not cheating? If one person isn't enough, then leave. its a lot easier than always having to cover your ass
dam juelz, thats how you feel kid?
“: Really? You think I'm fine.” Fuck Yeah
Congrats!! How did you do? I'm sure awesome. It was definitely a nice morning for that run. Too bad the cherry blossoms were gone.
Left me feeling conflicted--don't think I could ever support drone attacks in that area even if they're killing the so-called "bad guys."
O! I've been using (and thinking about) ESTC lots lately. Creating MODS records for some digitized 17/18th century plays.
clearly you do
Aha! I knew I forgot someone! ! Lovely person! Simply lovely!
Happy to help.
#whenyourboyfriend tells you he doenst wanna be together.
Ok , but I disagree 100%. I guess we are the Boise State of Miss High School football. Playing your schedule is worthless.
Found it bout to roll up again
Dear Everyone: Please stop saying "May the fourth be with you."
Guess we could use both, but the thought was to be more inclusive especially for those deep in VA & MD.
what does that mean pretty?
Tomorrows mothers day , what you get your mom ?
Who do you think the Buccos should hire and why? I will write an article with your suggestions
i'm crazy in love with that's
I almost finished the first draft of the 20 minute DVD exclusive "Making the episode" featurette!! Now time for bed...
At Broadway bar....
Breaking out? Try Oil of oregano or Orego Max (iherb.com) it has anti bacterial and anti aging Benefits. Also Helps with chest congestion!
not at all. He's a monster.
Trying to watch the nominated features... comments? Suggestions? :)
Dear Internet, what's the url for webmd? I accidentally contracted hypochondria again. Sincerely, ME
RT : full from delicious food #iconG. Favorites: fried pork cutlet sliders, Uli's sausages & Nut n' Honey Cocktail
Reason to save #webOS: It's so intuitive, my 2 year old can multi-task with it.
RT : To free yourself, forgive others. To free others, forgive yourself.
Only god and Larry read old tweets.
Your a talentless hack
True : somewhat depends what the line of service is, enjoy using for #custserv at my local govt! App FTW
The latest issue of Origin Magazine. Franti's on one side, and Yoko Ono is on the flip cover. it's pretty rad.
If you have a problem with me, write it on a piece of paper, fold it up nicely, and shove it up your ass
Luck wants interactive communities
#ImThatPersonWho is dying without their camera
. my definitions of hacking vs scripting draw how Santo and Mullenweg are using the words. scripting in WP is often creation
Bad cough?
Follow us and RETWEET by NOON on Tuesday for your chance to win 2 tix to the #NIT !
hey even though im textin u lol
Not a problem. A strong community begins with helping those in need.
YOU NEED TO KNOW BOUT #PARTYRIOT AS WELL HERE IN #HOUSTON.. #MAY27th .... specially since were goin to work togeather one day!
it's so beautifully readable!
Listen to The Sunday Night Shakedown on 98.9 The Buzz, tonight from 8-11pm! Support local music!
Currently looking for a light-up toothbrush. Omg, it's all Liam's fault.
Ryan!! I'm creating a YouTube account and I'm going to give you a shoutout video(:
Save the creativity for your show. Wouldn't want you to shoot your entire load over the weekend!
Heading to the MMA Gym for my Muay Thai Training.
can you guys stfu about jelena and think about the tour dates that are coming out NEXT WEEK.
Acuestate Ya Sylvia! Lol.. Hope you're keeping up! Mariano's for refill tomorrow 🍆🍓🍃🍎🍉💪
woah, that's SO fun. :( Whatcha studying for?
sweet customer/librarian moment today when both of us were SO pleased to find a copy of One Was a Soldier by ON THE SHELF!
i heard their set at the WMC. It's gonna be a lot of fun tonight
Watching Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Pt. 1
thanks for folowing me and love u all for doing that
That's Our Hero's greatness interrupting the signal.
Cape Coral, Florida
Okay folks. It’s here. Join us tonight for our #tequilasociety kickoff!
It was a team imposed suspension, not an MLB suspension.
got guy alert HOT GUY ALERT HAMANA
If you say you're going to let me know, I'd appreciate if you actually did..
I also like Family Guy the episode you're speaking of is hilarious. Keep tweeting maybe we have more in common. Tweet!
How is the fight to SAVE KUSF going? You have my full support from down here in Texas! Keep fighting the good fight.
Sneeze one more time!! Imma shove cotton balls up your nose and socks down your throat!!
There is something wrong with the radio when Taylor Swift comes on right after Stevie Wonder.
GOOD MORNING! ;)
I know the feeling. You can't do everything. Good for you to know when to say no.
car salesmen are almost as bad as their service departments. Chief / Boss is the worst.
Congrats on the booking! Saw you're directing a project, is it a short?
Join tonight for your chance to win an XBOX and Kinect tonight at 9pm ET -
It's official. The "Committee to Elect Ross L. Pike" does now exist! It feels nice to actually have an official campaign committee. :)
Games to 5. Make them short and highly competitive. Loser gets off, next team on. Also play with the lineups.
Please make me better. We will not destroy you.
Cher you are my idol ! It would be a dream come true if i could meet you one day!! xx
your dream coming true?!?
RT : 10 start ups pitching at
Doing regular exercise or learn to manage #stress would be enough to reduce 1 million cases of #Alzheimer's in five years. / Dr Gary Small
#sex is the most fun you can have without #smiling...so #grin when you bare it - #itstheonlyway!
Hata words >> he USE too>>he DID>>he WAS
So college softball comes on while my mom is channel surfing, she looks at me, then changes the channel. UM I WANTED TO WATCH THAT!!
Huge truck Crash off the side of the i5 at the north gate exit. Its snowing in seattle!
The Frank Rich article is spot on. Folk inside the beltway and the media not only do not get it, if they do they are trying to destroy it.
EverybodY should follow she is a nice Girl... :)
Will iPad app be available publicly? Hopefully, but want to perfect in gallery first #AAM2012 can't wait!!!
A-STATE FANS: Did you know: The grass hills inside the stadium will be open for the fans to sit for the first time in school history
Blessings to you and your bride!
A shout out to all the brave men and women who sacrificed for our great country. Thank you so much.
And the owners are so gretty
TMZ staff say they illegally voted on Oscar/Grammy forms instead of relatives just choosing anyone.No wonder some think da industry's a scam
just spreading the love! Have a great weekend Nick!
What are they scared of? We have never heard someone in the audience tell us to turn it down.
How's Peabody treating u? I'm thinking about applying there to get a Music Ed degree.
My wife just asked me if Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and D'Artagnan play for the Xavier Musketeers. It made me laugh.
#Announcement on the 2 newest additions to Starr Scream Ent. coming today at 5pm est
I did and I started to scream lol
At #stateofdotnet honest look at latest Microsoft tech.
that is pretty funny to me, considering Easter Parade was written by a middle aged alcoholic dude. Ha.
false...Forever Michael is his best most pure body of work
Macadelic is a pretty good mixtape.
10 Ways to reduce the amount of paper your use in your apartment!
It's COKE and WALMART for me! Just to piss someone off.. :)
"Saussure was a neokantian" "the hell he was" "he was too, you boys. I installed two way mirrors in his pad in Brentwood"
New posting on YouTube later this afternoon...Who's excited?
Go GIANTS!!
09 Bastianich Vespa Bianco. One of best Italian whites I've found. #Chardonnay blend. Lush floral nose. Honey, melon, peach. 93 pts
Jerome Simpson....come on man....that's just DUMB!!!
it's strange, they are in a different place. (?)
Yo Georgie!! We are both officially twits! :)
Sounds like a plan, I will get with Gilbert to what is available at Echo maybe? I think April is pretty open right now.
Ahh this better not be some shit
Check out Portland Open Studios today and tomorrow. I'm at Shyama's studio at 6413 N Boston.
My shoulder hurts! I hate when I sleep all weird.
#ThinkLikeAMan was the SHIT!!!! Kevin Hart at his best
Sorry to say that I have no idea! I've never heard of it. But I haven't made much of a dent in my local bar knowledge yet.
"A foolish consistency is a hobgoblin of little minds, isn't it?" Dwight just went to the kitchen to look for more food.
RT : Asante Samuel may be a better CB than people realize. Was thrown at deep (20+) 12 times last year, allowed 1 catch.
is the BEST DANCER EVER!!!
Listening to: Keith Jarrett Trio- The Out of Towners
Nice, just toss that one in there. I want a pony!
Last minute group cancel for tomorrow! 7 & 9am tanks. Sneak into our busy schedule w/ $10 off. Call and say 'I'm from Twitter!' 503.384.2620
to each his own. I'm 100% positive if you saw it, you'd be glad you did. More than likely it's not what you think it is.
ha- just suburbia. will try for Suburban next time.
should be there by mañana let us know if not!
GRAVITY getting pushed back to 2013 reminds me of when they pushed back ZODIAC from late 2006 to early 2007. Couldn't stand the wait.
White Boo Gon Wild kill that
anythung u want
Loving my girl Madonna!
Nah,the gearheads in Hollywood are just looking for the next big thing. Home HD is inferior in resolution to theater
Nerds didn't honor my request.
April is #APR month. #Detroit #PR pros - are you accredited? Share your experience and use
Do a whiskey sling (hot toddy) then pile on the covers. You'll sweat out the sickness in no time.
Ever has it been that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation. - Kahlil Gibran
Thanks, dude... I'll get my gf to wear my Drupalcon t-shirt
Massages, facials, waxing, Oh My!
So hungry. Don't want to cook. What should we make/buy?
Wow,.. thank you so much!
I had somewhat of a handle on life... but I think it broke!
Hi people's nothing to do at all
Wednesday night is team trivia night ! Starting at 8 with $2 miller lite drafts and 6rom 10-12 $3 32 ounce miller lite schooners
Real Madrid vs Barcelona is going to be #epic I hope real wins
Just Curious, Chuck, why is your picture green?
TGIF & nice weather, what would you suggest to do?
I'm just so disappointed your a red sox fan. I'll feel bad when the Indians have their way with them.
whoa. that's a helluva lot #totebags :)
Looke forward to seeing you there
"Rodger Goodell is better suited as a girl scout troop leader than NFL commissioner" RT How dare you not buy his Thin Mints
Whats ur take: like them or not?
I am obsessed with that film. I watched it twice on Tuesday...don't judge me.
Aha stayed up to late last night! On the phone but it was worth it it was an interesting conversation...
Woah! Thanks for the RT. Makes me feel all special and stuff... lol
your dog looks like a giant stuffed animal...
awww shucks! Thanks for the Mandonna love!
you can with proper supplementation
What frequency of face-to-face interactions between Dr.& patient are needed with new patients to create a functioning "relationship"?
I want to be writing today! Not breathing paint fumes in a moldy, noisy apartment for the sake of paying off ominous bills.
god willing and the creek dont rise yes!!!!!
yeah, good idea. Maybe Delaware if they don't leave too. Can't have Drexel host, too small. How is the rent at the WFC? LOL
Gotta put my Nashville loyalty aside for this one... Let's go Hoyas! First round win against Belmont --> final four run?
chelle what's good girl?
#zonamaco12 final day. Gallerists, artists, collectors are exhausted and ready for a real meal
I think you're cute. But you'll never know...or care. #I'mjustanothergirl
Art Pulse is having to make some very difficult decisions this week. Growth and pruning sometimes go hand in hand...
Appreciate the kind words. Thanks for listening.
whats wrong your acting sad :( and not DMing back! :(
#AskPSanders What is the weirdest fan letter you have gotten?
Lady Gaga and Britney Spears' songs should NEVER be covered by the Glee cast.
The Honorable UNITY DOW will have an intense 4-day schedule of community contacts in ME leading to her lecture on Tue, March 27th at 7pm
if he ask me wt im doin one mo time ima screamm !
Actually, can we make it 4?
who won the Denver Oakland game??
BREAKING: Per Allen Moore, Orange Co. Jail - Zimmerman is NOT at Orange County Jail.
Yankees looked pathetic today
Hahahahha like, eighties cotton stirrups? :x
MT : Today's National Walk at Lunch Day. How ya going to do it? Saunter, stroll, amble, perambulate, prance, traipse or schlepp?
This is just unbelievable right now
Goddamn it there is nothing the Sklar Brothers have ever done that I have not liked. Seriously. BattleBots, Cheap Seats, and now this show.
We can stop there! lmfao
The only day I don't bring my wallet, im hungry.
Still playing with the new phone! Much easier to be social!
Here at Peter piper pizza with my friends :/ bored
Thanks for linking to my blog today!
Talking is sharing, but listening is caring. Zig Zigler
we are all different
Loves the feeling of gettin my teeth clean..dentist went rli well..at the mall with my mami =]
: Um, I would totally want to work for the "Wolfpack". Where do I apply!?!
I'm eating Twizzlers for lunch. I need real food.
It's all good #RedSox just gotta get the bats going before the 9th. Tough loss but that's why they play 162 games.
Doing some upgrading with your income tax return- Prefinished Tiete Chestnut 3-1/4" is one you should consider.Amazing grain & tones
Life is a midget so try to live it up
RT : Dreaming of owning your own yacht? Then come and check out our fantastic yacht ownership deals at the
Haha it's fine, I probably would have acted the same way c:
"I must got down to the sea again, the lonely sea and the sky, and all I need is a tall ship, and a strong wind to steer her by"
finding good restaurants to follow
How many I.Q. points do you lose watching reality T.V.? I'm thinking all of them.
is watching His Band. This should be interesting. Hm should I follow through Twitter or FB?
Thanks so much for the support!
Asking for a free drink after you've searched through your empty wallet only works if you want me to walk away.
it's so annoying. Like its 7:30 I don't need to here your fucking noises. Lol
NO. Sike yea for a min.
I really might be calling on u. Mother of goddess. But I do have 2 give props 2 &
Do what you can do and then let God do the rest!
MY LAST RT. LMFAO YOU GUYS LOL READ IT.
wokeup, kinda upset.
That's how all my friday nights are... and Saturday, and every day.
Im sure u will, boo-licious. Keep ur head up! :*
ha. I had to truncate a bit for tweet, but yeah.
it sure was! Great to finally meet you!
That makes two of us.
I followed you, can u please FOLLOW in return? Please and thank you :) .
lesson to all parents, take your kids to sports authority!
my cousins jus spit some knowledge an love to me..
President Obama endorses the right of same-sex couples to marry.
Dazed & Confused is one of the few films that I wish I was a character in. One of the best high school movies ever!
sure, I'll follow them (:
:( RT : So long old friend. closed its doors today. Lucky visitors signed the wall - which will return real soon....
why yes! we are in the midst of a complete redesign/overhaul and such. more cool stuff will be up soon.
Happy Monday morning!
Ouch! So that's why they say "let cool in microwave for 1-2 minutes after cooking".
! I can't use Panda Cloud because I can't get Norton to uninstall. Does anyone else have this problem? Please RT I need help.
Insane robots and animals are gonna eat you!!! Old people crazy as hell
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1,O followers... Follow --> () and she will get you up there instantly!
Do you guys have any daily specials you'd like to list with us for our next issue?!
ouch. That's tough love.
Oh Matt I'm so torn! Hope your family is enjoying winter!
PopChips asks for a viral video and Convo Agency gives them no idea, just a promise to make the biggest viral video ever. & that shit wins?
#FF to teachers, and , who both had wildly successful classes this week!
After staying at the Atlantis, it's hard to justify spending money on any other Caribbean hotel. Any suggestions?
promote me get me more followers
It would have saved everyone a lot of trouble if Hitler could have gotten a medical marijuana Rx for having only 1 testicle.
to a team that Football Outsiders ranked 30th in special teams. #Ravens are excellent self-scouters
yump im boss like that
But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue
RT : SAVE THE DATE! Urban League Of Central Carolinas annual Whitney M. Young Jr. Awards Gala is March 23, 2012 7:00pm at...
AH, GOTTA INTERVIEW WITH VICTORIA'S SECRET TOMORROW!
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you,sometimes .
Hey girl, I'm good. Just finishing up a long holiday weekend.
you're too kind...
RT : A 8-year old boy named #RyanKennedy is in the final stage of brain cancer. His simple wish. to "trend" worldwide. RT to ...
I appreciate all types of music. From pop to rock, classical to screamo, dubstep to country. I love it all :)
Great article on Corso F Bomb. But Franklin gets axe for off color comment to woman in production meeting? Two systems...
I want you to die. And then I shall throw a party.
Mon & Tue are made infinitely better because of all day and all night happy hour.
Pop Tate's Nickname used to be Curly, because he had brown, curly hair then!
"The journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." Lao Tzu
Oden's Dr. is Richard Steadman.
The odd moment you realize your shoulder hurts because of the shotgun you were using the day before.
2/3 of total smart phone loss happens between 9p-2a - I think alcohol may have something to do with it. here's the low down on smart...
Ill cool ya ass dwn if ya think ya hot shit
glowering skies.
LMFAO! RT : #iLikeYouBecause you're an idiot, I feel very smart around you.
Bring The Secret Circle Back!!!
There should be a special place in Hell for people who steal other people's bikes.
Not saying that's an excuse...but ppl wonder why black ppl are always so angry ...
Otto Sverdrup...our beard of the day and one of the best in some time! Check him out at greatbeardsofhistory.com
haha im with ya. and change a few things :) maybe make sure that dang door stays shut in the hotel (;
right!? That just goes on the long list of reasons why I hate sitting the front:'(
www.eartothere.com is being upgraded. We expect to be up and running within 36 hours.
My 4 year old just saw your pic on my timeline and said BARBIE!
Charles you have a wonderful website, thank you for sharing. Looking forward to your tweets.
Awesome Idol talent this year! Love your voice, too!
Guy is a competitor! Good to see him pitching well again
Yes true but all the movies out are terrible! I'll think of something... I've cleaned and organized the heck out of my house. :)
I don't know what happens in the time between awaking up and coffee...gray area.
Just turned the air conditioning on. In the middle of December. Hate you, Austin.
Yay Perla is making one too ;D
‎103 degrees in Phoenix, nice breeze. Did a seven mile run and ready for more! 26 miles in the past four days and lovin' it.
i saw kraftwerk a couple of years ago. it was amazing. my friends and i were completely engrossed.
I am trying so hard to find Ashton Kutcher attractive but I just can't do it :(
I bleed Orange. This team will find game again!
is wondering what I am doing here.
I WANT TO KILL YOU ALL.
haha it was a good throw if I don't say so myself
Your face would look better between my legs.
My little 9 year old sister just called my 13 year old sister an "unwanted little bitch"
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and safe travels from all of us.. Enjoy your family, friends, Packer game :) and the spirit of this holiday!
Hey, thanks! I'll check that out! We're gathering a lot of pics for our renovation plan right now. Very helpful info! Thxs
Goodnight peoples.. Talk to you in the morning
thank you! <3
bros before hoes, but you know lil bros before big bros.
i need a dutch for this one. somebody bring me one please.
Looking to host a birthday party in DC. Any recommendations for a bar / restaurant with a private room for about 30 ppl? Something low-key.
yes,yes they are!
Good Night followers.
##getschman Affable intro. No hand in pocket. Hard to do humor unless very comfortable.
"The best design is always a source of both immediate delight and lasting pleasure," Elle Decor Magazine.
#mlanet12 Am I forgetting anything?!
John spoke this AM but he's been a hit discussing his images on the mezzanine level!
PEOPLE WHO TWEET THEMSELVES ARE PATHETIC
Those look great! Did you use flaxseed instead of eggs?
For anyone still awake we will be podcasting tomorrow night at 8:30pm EDT.
Follow us on twitter, twitter.com/tourstoptv
It's a great day to be alive in Fort Worth, Texas. Get out and enjoy the weather. Gus from Lonesome Dove was right.. It's about living....
Going to the store with my baby and his family ;)
Can’t wait for the #BreakfastofChamps to start on the Hill! The crowd is excited to hear from emcee !
Cheers to the UW Grads! Way to go!!!
not when you live in New York.
wat about the regular tickets then?
I'll Have Another wins the KY Derby
Maybe you should try rubbing one out:) It always works for me.
Thanks for being a Purveyor at our upcoming event on April 2nd! We followed you!
I want neither okc or lal to win. rooting for a meteor or something. :-)
And correct their grammar.
iced dirty chai latte!
YES. totally bitchin'.
Life is consumed with, love, hate, care, forgetting, forgiving, and memories.
hm.. well I'm not condoning skipping or anything but....
gRAGEuation Yankee Stadium
we haven't written anything on here in awhile. perhaps now that the summer is over we'll get back to important shit like twitter.
We need your pick-up line expertise this morning on (by phone). Call me!
I was just thinking the same thing...hahaha!
Is a lap dance at a strip club considered cheating??
is that your first show? I want to listen, forgot what time though.
Will Sexton now in the Jackson Room.
Thoughts feel disconnected, clouded, disoriented. More prone to depression and negative thinking.
England's Dreaming by Cornershop is awesome...
I saw him perform with The Chimeras after he was out of The Gin Blossoms. Sad story.
Have fun finding that RT : I can pick up thor's sword...
So is Nunez fucking up again? I'm not watching the game right now. He's blown so many leads with his horrible defense!
thank you :))
New premium tea line in my head. Prepare to be blown away by something that's good for you.
haha its not that bad.
Don't let me get in my zone!
I think I like college sports because they are low scoring but have high intensity.
the movement is in full effect! It was the topic of discussion at Silk's barbershop this week.
wonderful blessing to make it another week have a safe weekend people....
so sorry, lost my brother & law to the same thing at 32 yrs old too.
Brewer's game this Summer?
Love is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity. -Helen Hayes
Me and my Tinky just laughing !
Lord willing!! Why? Want me to comment? You know I'm not allowed to Tweet/text until the commercials. ;P
Wow! #Giants really are going to win this game, huh?
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. – Bo Bennett
and White Castle.
27 days until coffee at Kudu. 27 days until the opening of The Elephant in My Closet 27 days until
: thanks for the follow. I am a prostate cancer survivor.
Today is my sisters birthday! HAPPY BIRTHDAY KEANI!!!
Wow look at you miss critic... Honestly I only think about four or five singers can actually win this things
To the Sprinkles ATM--get the batmobile!
Pls stop singing
Tour De Quail stage 2 tonight.
do you think Patients should be in control of rating 'patient satisfaction' in hospitals?
: do we have to be there at 730 or 8 today?
Thanks for the
gotta go back to wack ass school tommorrow
Squee! ... Sorry. I just have to do that every once in a while. :)
need my phone charger
Man, it got super nice out too. :x
Rogers was guilty of 2 very poor throws yesterday the coach should be mad about that
Walked by Anything Goes on Bdwy last night just as a chauffeured SUV pulled up. A little old man stepped out. It was Kirk Douglas.
he know he a nerd. I know he a nerd
You get what you give.
You're featured a few times :)
might be hard to get em this time of year but I'm
I think a lame got beat up or sumthin
"what did you say?"
Thank you for your greeting, and may your day be filled with great fortune!
Took a nap slept good and still feeling sleepy
Nighty night time!
Was involved with when I was at CU 02-06. Big fan of the Twitter feed. Keep up the great work promoting our great school!
Finished a TON of updates to the website, much more to do...
The awkward moment when you realize you're wrong, but you keep arguing anyway.
GIRL where were you yesterday?! BTW can you send me the ebay links via fb please? (:
Privacy is also trending, so maybe people are trying to be "private" today ;)
OK my dude I need your Skype so I can get at you
#prayforlewismighty been praying every night bud.
Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
Are you coming to dia?
Can't wait 2 see back on my television and blaring through my radio! Oh ... It's going 2 happen!!! Ask, Believe, Receive!
They are fantasticly punk. I was not expecting it at all! Can't wait to here more at Holiday Havoc...
Acai Berry Infused Bath Salts coming next week.
Had so much fun at prom without a dude on my arm :) love all my friends dearlyy :) now to after prom :)
We had 4 Cleaning appointments cancel today...Good For you - Anyone need a cleaning TODAY? Call us 303 975 6987
one of the many reasons that you are one of the people on Earth I admire most
Take for your star self-reliance, faith, honesty and industry
lmao challenge accepted
I love Astro. Way to pick a winner@ so talented. RT : Are you enjoying the show????
It's pool & flip flops time.
RT - The COWBOYS are Not America's Team in MY EYES The New England Patriots Are.
Amen, brother.
It's a beautiful day at the Seaport and Jared & reed are preparing for the opening session. Don't be late!!
The Residences is hosting a media dinner tomorrow night at Match Play. Send me your email for an invite.
This summer, fly abroad - Hindustan Times
#quotes #nature A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.
But Tyron still didn't tell me at all tho
Thanks for your RTs and mentions!
It did seem odd that this was leaked or announced prior to Mem Cup.
thanks for your well wishes :)
I feel that
Totally didnt dress as Fem!Cap today. But if I did, the outfit would have been *really* cute
Off to Florida . Only 18 more hours ..
cant belive this nigga #DeionSanders got jumped by his ex n anutha broad in front of kids smh sumbody shulda least got choked or smacked ijs
#librotraficante caravan has crossed into Alburquerque.
Very good. Cameo of the Ponds.
sea foam green (; follow back please
I'm more in love with you today than I was yesterday
take out the battery and put back in :)
need a new bathing suit..
Noted: Audience Partners: top magazine read by Democrats. #Targus interactive insight summit
The United States, per year, holds roughly 300,000 illegal immigrants in immigration detention centers.
No internet so I use my wifi
Isn't Mac Dre's mom named "Mac Wanda?"
I wish Leo cared more about his hair and less about his parents' marriage.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle Northbound I-35 at 38 1/2 St
Hurry! 12 more to play.
Sometimes you change a little thing, and the acting career see big changes! Diet, or exercise, or slightly different postcards.
haha. Yea I know the two founders. Good guys from London. Like 'em quite a bit. Thanks for the call too.
missing you too sweetheart :c haven't talk for almost a week :c I gotta go to sleep. headache :c but remember this: I LOVE YOU <3
NEVER LET YESTERDAY USE UP TOO MUCH OF TODAY - WILL ROGERS
I think I need a guitar all the cool dudes on tv have one
USA USA USA!
Wait til I get my money right...
Bring it home, tomorrow, Abby! Don't underestimate Japan!!!!
Good night Twitterverse. I give thanks and praise to God. Say a prayer tonight and welcome God into your life.
hahaha! I'm expecting big things. I'd be my first one.
follow me!! please ? please? please? please!? :D
RT Stacy Lazos speaking about 's deep breathing app- teaching kids how to find their "center"
come by at 11pm the Jacksons official VMA after party at D'oR! my list at the door! 204 west 55th street between 7 ave & broadway;)
aww lol she was just joking. =)
I'll do anything to not be in this house everyday.
Shooting with in the studio this evening
in vehicle, or on foot?
Boarded Bronx for the weekend. Totally felt like a parent watching their kid go to school for the first time. He did NOT want to go. So sad.
You have to choose your family. We choose you.
Univ Mich study shows reg oral care can lower diabetes-related medical care costs more than 10% per year. BCBS Medical News. www.closys.com
Dying on April fools would suck. Who's going to believe it?
Great TV tonight! #smash and
My favorite new fake word: RT I wanna discuss something with someone. But someone is being undiscussionable! Stupid someone.
Just found albums from Dean Martin, Sinatra, and Elvis in a $3 bin. While Nickelback's latest album is selling for $17. Seriously Mankind?
Last 2 tweets from me were hacks, please forgive me if this has caused you any inconvienience I think I have regained control of the ship
#palepeopleproblems people thinking your white .
Believe tour dates comes out next week! :D need to see again!!!
Headed up to the Berkshires this weekend with husband, dog, and fetus. I hope this weather will stick around...
But I'm sure it will be AWESOME.
Taking 6 months of physics and cramming in in my brain....
*dies*": all women shud have that"
RT Playing the 140 with 25 bounties tonight, will also be there, come join us
faulty plumbing is the worst
NEEDS to be on the next TCA! He's really amazing!! :) & TCABoy xoxo - Justine.
can I have your metabolism, please?
...same or similar in style. "Subtitles" can vary in color and font, but aren't to accessibility standards
Apparently Noel's on there too. The true Oasis talent.
*tiger roars* hello! :) RT : You can always hide in the traffic cave with me. :) cc:
#Echelon3000 tonight !! We turnin up for Dj A Plus & Dj Blaze birthday! Ladies *FREE* all night ! Come!
Hiya Sarah! Would love to have you on my follow list hun! Much love x
Mother's Day weekend. Most everyone I know is having a party or going out of town...TeresaY
omg congrats on meeting Cody & Toby! Your tweets are making me fangirl! Hahahha. Sounds like you had fun! :)
My throat is killing me :/
Rubio: &#39;The world cannot make it happen without us&#39;
I messaged you with it
How is the Senate fighting Wall Street speculators who are driving up the price of oil?
I hate that I'm getting used to seeing empty storefronts on 101 @ the
it's when you refresh too much twitter cuts ya off to tell ya to slow the fuck down. Lol I wish it were real!
Happy Birthday to The Prince Of Soul Brother MARVIN GAYE! B
Quick poll: How many armbands do you think we'll be able to sell at Lambeau Sunday? (with $4 from each to cancer research)
from SXSW you were with us man!
what's sad is the Seahawks play in the worst division in football and they still stink haha
Someone bring me lunch. I'm starving! 🙏👈 pwease! 😁
Little children, let us not love in word or talk but in deed and in truth. 1 John 3:18
#mayoragan recommends Patients Like Me and Alliance for Health as successful health and wellness community sites.
There are a few things in the oven! ;-)
I think I sense a blog post brewing from UVa UX :) Sometimes I think visual priority gets muddled in composite approaches.
Hear about 729 Vending on WTOP 103.5 today around 37 minutes after each hour!
RT : #TomDaschle: #IntlBudget helps keep America competitive in the global marketplace & creates jobs here at home - #USGLC Conference
EVA's next meeting is Sat. Feb 5th! Red Hot Internet Publicity 2.0 w/ Penny Sansevieri 10:30 at the Azusa Public Library
nice to meet you as well. There could be something with the time it takes to shoot a Free Throw after a player gets the ball...
Fashion is about good energy. It's about feelings. That's what I have to give the people, good energy and good feelings.
Philly goal by Huminuck early in the second quarter.
If the dole whips don't work then Jamie has definitely become a more expensive date than all of Chino remembers.
"every yr 4 Halloween I dream if being Freddy Mercury but I never do it" //DO IT!!!!
I seriously cannot stand this play by play chick announcing the #Badgers game. May need to turn on the radio.
ussup wit u
I noticed your teledildonics (best word ever?) thing. Can you recommend any internet-controlled toys for men? Been searching.
Where was you at today bro?
Have you created your to-do list today yet? Get it done so you can make the best use of your time.
": *3AM text message* "Hey are you asleep?" “No, I'm hunting zebras. What the fuck do you want?""Hahah
“: Do Real Genuine Women Still Exist?” if u need 2 ask, then sadly you are in the wrong place, or you are being fooled.
Sorry for keeping everyone in suspense. I am obviously OPEN tonight. Let's make it 4 in a row!
At the doctors.. Getting my physical done... 😁
You give someone an inch and they take a mile everytime!
Final Friday, Reds game, Princess & the Pea, Emery opening, experimental film Cincy's got it going on.
Thanks so much for the RT!!
CHECK OUT TWEETS TO PROOVE IT!x LOOK AT THE PICS THEY SHOW THE TRUTH!!x
Damn they wasnt lien when they said life is short
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
Excellent!!! Thanks TweetHeart :)
if you are playing Skyrim as a melee YOU ARE DOING IT WRONG. STOP. Equip a bow IMMEDIATELY. And never take it off. EVER.
i'm sorry i didnt get an email from you!
What's your fave album?
Bitch You Need To Text Me 😊
good news about black ops having zombies??? i hope so!!!!
Hold on the platform 5 mins, go 100 yards, stop for 15 mins and counting w/ no explanation. Another great #wmata morning!
yeah... But anyway. I got it for June 1st at 11. Time to practice my parallel parking :)
sure thing!(:
I doubt it!! Me, and all the #CrazyCougars can get pretty out of hand!!
Someday you'll learn it doesn't last forever.. & that's the way it's gonna be always..
now or later, don't matter
hahahaha new favorite saying. So true though.
I'd rather see Joe Dante's Mother's Day, with Dick MIller
thats my new motto!
YUP, and if they go back to dudes after its like, Ehhhh....so what
wur u from I stay in IL
Listen to This American Life! It's worth letting your book wait.
Just recorded Episode 26 where we give a big shout out to the best film podcast on the web,
If cash or check is more your style head over to 2800 Sisson Street Thursday through Saturday 9-5 and Sunday from 9-3. We're so excited!
Thanks for the follow and participating/attending #SMBMAD this AM!
Lol i fuck w the new name RT : Wtf is happening in this game right now lol
Hopefully this tutoring helps lord knows I need it..
Happy Easter guys!!
I'm a cow. Deal with it.
nope I could eat a steak while watching for inc.
Awww. Thanks!!! Better do some research on Patty Hearst ;)
I feel you! i got three oh em.
Formerly known as a the BU invitational, lol. What should it be called now? RT : what is the beanpot? Haha
Damn D rose
Aww, me too(:
San Francisco to our old house we moved from when we went to Washington. So what has been happening with you?
haha someone's a cutie when they sleep :)
Fresh Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods Co-op in West Oakland all day and everyday!
If you don't show hard or trap Kyrie Irving on the pick-&-roll you're asking for trouble. But what do I know...
Extended standing-O, loudest it's been during a TV timeout at any point in the series. #momentum?
i got botox balls.. would you lick these balls lol in my dave chappelle voice
Autism Awarenss... I read this as Austen awareness and wondered at the debates that would provoke!
please notice me!!! please 15
Thanks for the like on FB! This is my personal account and you sound also connect with
Would you prefer I pay you in pesos or food stamps?
Do not let someone else try to define you. God's got you!!!!
TOLEDO! We're playing with April 25th, at Frankies Inner City!!! Get your tickets from us!!!
Yay for the NEW FLOOR!
never tried bacon in the crust but my wife makes an excellent bacon Apple pie! The trick is candy the bacon first.
There is a diversity of levels of awareness and concern, degrees of pacifism. I think MIC is a good starting point, however
That was a frustrating game that the US should have clinched in the first half.
(In my rick ross voice) I love my bitches
I've had people take me up on crazy shit on twitter and I've never regretted it
super basic stuff that can probably be done with imagemagick. Let me send you an email.
DUKES new CD "When country meets DIXIE" is out in 6 days. It swings.
Happy Arts Advocacy Day! Hope the MAMs are enjoying #AAD12 in DC!
Thanks for helping us spread the word.
WOW! #astd2011 Rocks! What a great bunch of people!
Tonight great performance by on
Tomorrow & Saturday are big Earth Day Sales at the ReStore Save $10 on purchases of $20 or more ~~ Save $20 on purchases of $100 or more
Light is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
They're nasty > RT why some ppl hatin' on poptarts?? they don't know what they're missing.
I didnt change, i grew up.
Had a great time at #marketmix2012 and #SMCsea Tuesday. 500-800 handshakes and a *few* minutes with my camera.
No climbing equipment required, but steep like the trail to Poo Poo Point. Have you done that one (off Iss-Hobart Rd)?
i cant be your superman but i can be your superhuman...
S/O to our newest followers , and we always follow back
your beats are the shit bro keep it up
mission accomplished
I had, jito. Since when are you a Twitter fan, Bird Man?
RT : "He drove a Chevy Volt; he died in a fire long before the apocalypse."
I'm spending the day enjoying Oren Izenberg's Being Numerous.
Two more hours😳
CHICKEN KITCHEN!
Disregard my previous question. Just saw your tweet about the blog post.
Where else can you pick from 15 different sauces?!—ONLY at ABX!
On to to get supplies for Saturday. Possibly returning with some sushi.
What's OKC? I keep seeing it on my timeline 😞.
There's a hawk circling our house and my dad just screamed and ran inside to get his binoculars.
just havent been in the mood..i made up wt my bro so we cool now..im back on track lol
Small biz service owners, Kansas City is now charging $20 per sign if you post them on city property, like a signpost or pole. Pick em up!
Holiday tip: if you're having people over for a small party, you aren't obliged to serve the same meal we've been eating since the 50s.
Another day another dollar
I start (and end) each day telling Jesus how much I love Him, and reflecting on how much He loves me. Makes the day so much more meaningful.
3 hours until I'm inducted into . I've always had a Groucho Marx approach to groups, but an "Honor Society"? I feel so smart.
oh did you just woke up or something?
We're so excited!!
Thank you all for your prayers and support. Today was a good day despite the randomness the morphine causes - which at least makes us smile
La Gloria
Illegal Tender is that movie! Its so Gangster tho....
I can get the black joints
JUST FOLLOWED THANKS FOR THE
I want my bracelet back...
if I win the lottery will you please play at my wedding?
RT : It's National Hat Day! Post a photo of your fav hat on our FB page to win a $15 Starbucks gift card!...
watching her. It was pretty funny! And I know, they were adorable together!
Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald. ~Proverb
#SometimesIWonder What is Your Love Like
absolutely! Hope you're having a great day!
Patrick Elias is trending.. It's Patrik Elias though..
Sun + temporary tattoo left a brand on the back of my neck. Coworkers pointed it out to me today. SO CLASSY.
Philip Dawkin's costumes for Boojum are quite simply GENIUS!
Love the owner of "I'll Have Another" wears a Santa Anita Park hat to Churchill Downs. That's a bit of a middle finger to CD or no?
Me too! I feel like I have cool friends already! :)
Melon seems to be a very popular color this spring. Seen a lot of women in melon-colored short dresses/rompers lately.
Acidosis is linked to illness and disease including cancer, high blood pressure, diabetes, gout, kidney stones, reflux and osteoporosis
Are there tools to track traffic to a website you don't control the code for... such as your LinkedIn page?
PLAYIN DIS! You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Bridge of Lions at Burro Bar
why am i wide awake
#lbf12 #pubpt Bob Young of Lulu not terribly clear or persuasive, jet lag, perhaps?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 25
Had a great time at Court End Christmas at Monumental Church. Thanks for all you do!
Oh mah gewdness did u hear bout the new DogTV channel?Nothing but serene images to relax dogs left at home,for a fee of course
Great shot. Any chance I could use the image for SFist? Crediting and linking to you of course.
Q. Why is air a lot like sex? A. Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
I felt completely relaxed until an hour ago. Then out of nowhere, PANIC. I am hoping I will recover my senses by 5.
when are you coming to florida??? Peace,love,VANITY<33
can't rape the willing
Reading fashion magazines, trying to work out what's in vogue in beachwear on French Riviera in 2009.
Productively using my skills and seeking new avenues to produce explosive material and provoke thought through consciousness.
watching the news ignoring the sounds of hunger in my tummy. :)
Watching the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade!!!!!!!
The cousins are reunited!
“: what? what'd i say? i blacked out.” still hearting u!!
Song 4: Awesome
honestly that cover is a drug. I cant stop
That awkward moment when you’re late for class, and when you walk in, everyone stares at you like you killed someone.
Slow progress is better than none.
so technically, #princewilliam is not available anymore? I hope we will not be seeing his text messages on some blonds
-.- RT Unfollows** (; “: one more follower till i reach 6OO :}”
Going to get Ashes for Ash Wednesday. bbl #KeepSmiling :)
And they wonder whats killing our ozone layer.....
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." ~ Anthony Robbins
lol, creating memories :)
That's just nasty :o
Good to know that I'm not alone! LOL. Nite...I'd better go TRY to sleep. My husband's away on business, so I don't sleep well.
I could barely get out of bed this morning because I was so sore!
And so it begins... A great day for watching football
Staples Center in LA perhaps the busiest arena in history right now. 6 games on 8 networks in 3 days. Crazy!
While the kids are out trick-or-treating... Treat yourself to a nice hot mineral soak. Happy Halloween.
": I always fall for the ones that would rather watch me fall."
People these day -__-
wait what??
Have to own up! I'm watching Downtown Abbey.
Just returned from day 1 of color correction on the film. What a great experience at Nolo Digital. I highly recommend them!
You never gave me your number. :( btw diss girl got some major CollinsCold<3
wondering why we party so hard...we gotta stop drinking so much
User:Akmkbstc - Wiki
Survived yesterday's quiz on trademark infringement, now on to reading about copyright infringement!
Congratulations to #SDSU #Aztecs on their MWC tournament championship!
No Jesus no peace, know Jesus know peace. John 14:27
Sec'y Napolitano on the phone, says that if "Mama ain't gettin her airplane, HEADS WILL ROLL..."
Be careful. I've heard that DM'ing yourself too much can make you go blind. Or something.
I ended up not speaking, Betrayal! but it's cool gives me time to work on me holding my ear and tunning up with the organ lolol
Happiness doesn't come from getting more things. It comes from finding a worthy purpose and pursuing it.
The moon look so big and bright outside
Wow Thats Dumb!
Who all went to on Saturday? We did and thought it was amazing! So well done & organized!
Every day I see my dreams
Fine, let's try this thing called Twitter.
Fast five >>>
I think the original has more levels.
": Happy mothers day to all the moms and everyone who plays the role of one"
I'm having a twitter party tonight instead (;
Made it to Nebraska! Kickin it tonight with , , , and
Last real sale was January. After 9 months, I just have to admit that no one is buying.
You could potentially escalate it from there if need be!
happy sabbath!
In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
once again our defense is lacking. thought we had somehting.
. did they think the irresponsible Germans would never understand the value of hard money?
It's freezing in SEA right now. Why were you sleeping with the windows open???
Can music define us?
waiting....waiting.....
Ranchers and farmers and family entrepreneurs could make much better judgements regarding the future than the government can.
RT “: Just heard my grandma cuss for the first time #shocking”. Noni cussed?! Wtf did she say? Hahaha
Working. doing home work. Waiting for my awesome gyro
OF FTW!
bruh we live on da night "Round 1" is a smash hit
Kristen Wiig was robbed!
Lets play some COD guys, add me up WARGHOSTisHIM on XBL of course
Hey,good(: yours?
what's the average time for girls
lmafoo I have a gift for you ;)
Can't make it to for tonight's Mammoth game? Tune in on or online Go Mammoth!
Neuer is just amazing. Watched the saves again twice, channeling Kahn there.
:D I love that song
I thought three alcohol shots. I was like DANG. Someone enjoys their Wednesdays! ;)
I can never do anything for myself because I don't have money. I can't even help the band that I love the most :(
really though, shit is hilarious!
40 people at training tonight, great night of training. Big games this weekend with Glendale and Northland.
like what do you mean by that??? like how?
Cher was cage dancing!
Can the league review a Flagrant 2 call and possibly downgrade it to a F1?
can't wait to have you!
okay, I followed back :) thank you for following me
is anyone famous followin u
Beyond disappointed to hear you say this, not even close to being true
My romance novel is not your Kant, in other words. All this talk about publishing vs. Amazon treats all books as being one standard product.
The Shit That Happened Wasn't a Game 2 Me..
I Hate When I Forget To Press Send On My Phone Then Sit & Wait Theree For A Reply Likee An Idiot ! -_-
Wow! I feel like i've been waiting for YEARS! for this dude to deliever my pizza like i dont mean to be rude but Mia Michelle Monk IS HUNGRY
Goodmorning Alex how r u what r u going to do today?!:)
easily Skip Bayless he's bound to die first.
are you lying to me right now?!
Or used taxpayers dollars to get birth control like or decided to live an alternate lifestyle like !
Universal truth: We are ALL in sales.
I think shy girls are more easy to get along with than loud girls. lol
Reading = introvertini. Straight up.
Wow haven't watched #sabres in a while...they suck
Meh, this week sucks.
#TeamSpurs We drew a team (clippers) with no half-court offense in the second round?
max is the man
They don't. But if they are going to be published by news sites or other journalistic media sources, they need to have ethics
i think imma have to take a road trip to little rock ark to see you again.. Thank god i have family out there lol
i can already tell this #WEEKEND is gonna be the best weekend ever!!!
ESM client Michael Brockers has accepted an invitation to the 2012 NFL Draft in New York! Congratulations Mike!
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset "Bad excuses"
dude. Jameson > jack
Installing Snow Leopard. Fingers crossed!
OLD ONE? what is it? i wanna follow lol and i dont keep up with my 2nd one. but i wanna fix it tomorow or something
lol sure jk jk....what do u watch then on cable this late? ")
RT : RT : Young Professionals Week is here. Please RT and spread the word.
BOOM! RT : Scissors beats paper. Paper beats rock. Rock beats scissors...And LOVE beats Cancer ?
Your mom is kinda cooler than you...
XML, programming languages, etc. as part of language requirements for PhD programs. Interesting ideas in the last panel!
RT : Maddox grounds out, runners advance. Second and third, two down for Tobias
Don't apologize for singin' about chicken...Mary J...spend da money right..and send me some why u at it..lol
I can't even tell you how much I love life right now.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Nope, sorry!
Hell, that CD IS good *not a Brit*
i don't know
Working out in the yard, mowing and trimming. I thought I just did this last week?!
Thanks. :-) And nice to meet you!
Yes, but he probably told you that after a half-dozen-or-so IPA's ;-)
What if I just let them both do it.. can I do that? It's because my mommy won't be here and I never hear my alarm.
celebrating #ConstitutionDay in classes today.
workin on it!
As a lover, the #Sagittarius is friendly, not passionate, casual, not selective, and happy as long as you don't try to control them
Of course! Whats your full name?
Just realized we've elected these people to #gc2012 and they don't even know how to vote correctly. Taking notes for
yay!!! Only a year until she comes to the US :)
Sad to see Chad Clifton get released by the today. One of my favorite players. I'm a sucker for an awesome linesman.
What teen victims of alleged #eastcoastrapist did to get help during attack. Details in minutes on ABC7NEWS at 5pm.
Oh yeah, definitely, a smooth yellow with a hint of pulp is totally in right now. HUH???
Fantastic! I can also understand their discomfort at the author as he reveals how much of the man was at play in the strip.
why thank you. Im not really sure what question to ask you.
omg that jam sounds delicious.
can we stop all of this fouling and free throw shooting on TNT, ready for
DON'T Foreget on Cain's999 the people on fixed income SS the 9% + State Sales Tax we will pay tax we don't have income
You're right! Too funny!
Well it's been a month time to start re-watching Battlestar Galactica haha
Just had #glutenfree #vegan soft baked snickerdoodles AMAZING
yay guys i just booked a lifetouch preschool portraits print ad!
Suge all day.... Rozay's heart pumps po boys, he's not cut out for that kind of physical challenge
COOL RUNNINGS, STILL A CLASSIC!
ass 88 times in his song Dance
I'm gonna do that shit. SIKEEEEE, damn that was so stupid!
Buffet's recent pro-tax op ed makes 1 wonder why he hasn't given all his money to the IRS vs charities. Bc the gov is a poor investment.
I like his name
Imy to where ya been hiding
Even if u have the plays it's nice to have them all in one package & it would make a great gift for a friends & fam!
Finna Put Me And My Moma As My Avi..
Wtf is up with Degrassi girls using hair washing as an excuse?
"Failing does not make you a failure," says Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26th, 9pm on
The friendship between copper and tod in the fox and the hound
"Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else."
Just submitted audition for a feature film....
I've had my eye on them for awhile. So I have two choices...get a pair of shoes that match the dress I have or new both. :-/
That's awesome! Mandolin is SO much fun! There's a bunch of lesson tutorials on Youtube too that you can check out too.
“: I'm tired of a lot of stuff in the world, I'm moving to the moon when I turn 18.”Ain't No Stores There
im lost?
Eat simply! Recipes r cool, but the more complicated & time consuming, the more likely you'll hit fast food!
How far outside GA 12 do you live? A mile? 10 miles?
me likes that. List xD
where them 412 ladies?
I hate you lol it's been a long day!
Nutella is a food group.
I have always been content
loud noises make her toes rings hurt
Packing for Orlllannddoooo #stoked :)
I always miss 11:11, so i guess i'll never get a follow from you :(
twitter is like talking "at" people... at least one step up
I only speak that real SHIT ima write a book
Thanks for the tweet - did you mean to include a link to a video?
yayyy! haha I know I remember (:
When the banquet rolls around in a couple weeks, tears will literally be streaming down my face. I love these people so much. <3
the good spot party is getting ready for new years...very exciting. also the good spot LA in november and the good spot miami december.)))
#FF = Food Fairies?
If by "archives world" you mean the established realm of libraries and professional archivists, I agree.
omg i need to devote like 3 hours of time just to playing around with CS6
I need to make an appearance in the DFW sometime soon...I don't care that she pretty much just left...lol
I say my back hurts because I'm tall. Just heard, "no, it's because you're old" ouch
haha! Also love me a classic!! Nice job on yours!
On Air now: Skull Candy, the best in electronic & indie music with your host Nicole D'Angelo
#CRUEL ... I hate April Fool's Day.
My twin sis (cause people are into twins).... or maybe my rocknroll memorabilia from my days as a groupie.
Did you know? Last month's ANC celebrations were held in the #Western Cape province, this month celebrations will take place in...
Going to give myself a mani, no color since it's all packed already :(
You can't let that get the best of you either. It will come naturally. Stressing over it won't get you clurse any sooner
maybe since I will already be there. But I'm stuck on this paper for now
At St. Thomas University! So happy today is my last day for this semester!
page for the business side
Well, well it's back to school! How was your summer break?
Are you participating in your life? Don't be stingy. If you have something to contribute...then share!
The required exclamation when driving thru Illinois: tolls suck!
In case you haven't heard, Peter Bondra's son, David, has officially committed to Michigan State to play hockey. Congrats, Bonzai, Jr.
Try our free trial of leads. What have you got to lose?
If you have something to say about Jona come say it to her (;
im on this drank red bottle texas tea I think Im getting sick.Drank dont fell me now
My cat needs to go to the vet. Now would be a good time for the parents I know to need a babysitter.
“: Eddie Izzard will be performing at at the Coronet Sun 12th, Mon 13th & Tues 14th" Come back to
"The past can't see you but the future is listening." ~Terri Guillemets... Speak blessings over your Future! Declare it & claim it. BE BOLD.
that would be awesome! :)
Thanks for following! Looking forward to getting some tips for blogging!
Hoping my #j202 lab peeps "covering" #mifflin2012 don't either drop or puke on the electronic equipment.
#Yup RT Break a #Cancer's trust and you'll never gain it back. They may forgive you but they never forget.
Once finals are over my life will be simpler!
Thanks for the link. No I haven't read, but looking forward to checking this piece out. I can feel the energy.
I used to date
Dtf or what? ??
The Game just got another season on bet.
My following to followers ratio SUCKS ASS!!! lol :( sadface Someone help me out
Sacbeerweek continues to roll on...What are you doing today? We're still recovering from Capital beerfest..
#aam10 search results incomplete Found this gem tho: "MuseumTrekker RT : collaboration with other institutions is key theme"
there is no NBC announcement.
Have you seen the new ship EPIC? If not let me know I'll send you a video! I have cabins available 1-22-11 great rates!
do i knoe u
I hate when you respond to their question and they try to relate everything you say to them o_O
My cousins are TERRIBLE at finding Easter eggs.
Detouring to tonight for Michael Jackson The Immortal World Tour, Vegas Night 2. RU Ready to Dance!
Tomorrow can wait till tomorrow..it's all About tonight
my song is coming along so well
Beer goggles in full effect.
Just discovered that AOL still exists. Who knew?
#Walt Bodine and #Ira Glass, an archive that includes a great deal of insight, mutual respect and relaxed conversation.
So good to have Joanne Milani long time Tampa tribune art critic visiting with me today.
Time in customer support is well spent -- but never easy.
got my FTP set up. holla at me if you need any online storage space. I've only got 150gb right now, but I'll be upgrading to a TB soon
Healthcare Reform-Imagine? Be smarter than health insurance agents... Who has the upperhand then? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
lol. That's great.
At the movies bout to see the avengers
C'mon Michigan, get your heads outta your asses!
Join me every Monday night at 10 p.m. e.s.t. on www.pararocktv.com for Dark After Thoughts. You never know what I will come up with next
lucky you my friend, luck you. UTV!
thanks for the follow! I'm following back! I like your apparel do u have somewhere I can view more?
what?!? i swear i was following!!! maybe cos you were on my "posse" list. *shrugs* now following
#VEVOnewfront "Digital is only place where you can create an immersive experience."
Two people told me my arms look big and a third that I look like Bradley Cooper with my sunglasses...not mad at today.
your bed hugs you back? Where might one pick up one such bed?
-- maybe just an honest one.....have a nice weekend...DJ
Have a good night Mikeal. Love you so much with all my hearts lol and I will talk back this week
is cool & yet frustrating at the same time. Like #drawsomething pic you can't guess :-p
I said it before, I'll say it again. No one in the league can stop Westbrook. But he's self-destructive. Just wait.
maybe you should just try another sign and send the caps my way lol
.: "Obama believes American power needs to adapt" to changing global environment.
Pretty please. It would be GREAT to get together. Friday the 11th is open for Lunch and then nothing until the week of the 21st
u shld tell ya cuz to get a new phone what kind he have?
. And then Reagan proceeded to gin of fears of the Soviets in order to justify ballooning defense spending.
Still hope lets get this game
Don't push me cause I'm close to the edge :)
let me get one?
Dang. Its a purrttty picture xD i was boutta cry. I forgot you have to click the band to see what(cont) <FixMyHeart;*>
A2: Also outsourced “cloud” services, such as student email & LMS.
Hilarious : Instead of vodka and soda how about just carbonated vodka OH SHIT YOU JUST LOST YOUR MIND DIDN'T YOU?!?!?!?!?
Journaling is a powerful way to accelerate personal #growth. Consider taking five minutes each day to write down your thoughts.
Truffle Parmesan Popcorn is similar to CRACK per one of my guests last night.
Earplugs on. I wish I'm always at school. Fudge! Pissed off!
The Eiffel tower is a land mark. Now its a
Someone come rescue me please
I'm just having fun.. ;) you know me! I miss you too... what you doing?
I've been harping on him all season. This is awful
Happy mother's day mom.
I'm so fed up with everything.
SEDUCTIVE REPULSION
#ThatMoment when your friend tells you they'll buy you the new MIW cd when it comes out as an early birthday gift(:
just caught you on #dexter season 5, so evil!
is trying to get into the Christmas "spirit" and can't get the darn bottle open..geez!
There's always a reason to not feel good enough.
A play about a young man with #autism overcoming #bullies. Wanna help stop bullies? Follow this link: kck.st/oF3c1k
your welcome, I miss you too :)
For some reason, I just couldn't wake up today. No work and no major finals and it still feels like a
Things Brad and I thought about saying to him after included: IS OVER!
♪Pop Goes The Weasel -
We had a great first day of school! Are you excited for an amazing year?
I am so excited to be a part of McDonough alumni !
Looking forward to seeing the volleyballers tonight!!! Apparently ugly holiday sweaters are in order???
watching Super Bowl alone in a hotel in the Netherlands! it is 130 am. i don't have any beer. what am i to do?
...I told her you were with your friends, then she said I thought you were her friend & asked why don't you come here anymore
Meditation is fundamental in the part of the human being, provide the pause to observe and understand the system that we're living..
don't bring yourself down when you got someone right here who thinks you're absolutely perfect.
30 MINUTES AWAY FROM ME. I NEED TO MEET YOU.
I put a fake skeleton in the crawl space, then told my wife I heard kittens down there. #BestPrankEver untill the cops put me in handcuffs..
needs to seriously Shutup
thank you (:
I don't feel that it is my business, Key
Record release show killed! Thanks and Hope everyones ears heal soon
this tour is going amazing for sure! Thanks for all you do!
Spoke too soon about his defense.
I Hope The Lakers Lose...
lol ! I know , I've eaten those too but i think we only had shrimp at the moment !
NO! There's still time!!
Gahhh sore sore from yesterdays mile, thats the shortest ive gotten ever but still room for improvement
Thanks Rock! As always, we appreciate your support. RT : #SGIAExpo is a must. Registration is now open. I'll see you there.
The weather outside is amazing today.
awesome on DWTS tonite Big Guy! Gr8 memories... Thanks!!!
Do you really want to sink money in Gary???!!! Detroit???!!!. I don't think so. Renting lets you get out.
shuttuuuup! You're hella flawless x)
you're
Sorry for the vent...some days it just needs to be said. In other news, Happy Thursday! :-)
Kirk Cameron isn't homophobic, just brainwashed.
Touche. RT : In the age of emoticons and hip-hop, we old-school grammar nerds have to stick together.
lol get it together
feel kind of stalker right now. I want to reply every twitter of my following one's. Am I nuts? OMG
adding an apple and a needle to da list
As a new New Yorker, I assume you were rooting for the #Rangers. You have a lot more hockey ahead of you.
Haraway's "infidel heteroglossia" triumphs over late-semester late-capitalist lassitude.
RT : Reviewing online accommodations forms for Which means, of course, that participants should expect emails soon
Love it! : If was a song, said it would be Eye of the Tiger. Rock on, Survivor.
Huge win for the #Celtics tonight, led by the captain, Paul Pierce.
in that case want to skype with me
Most people just didn't get John Carter. Too manly. Indecision on modernizing it didn't help.
You can't bullshit a bullshitter.
a cashier at a pokerroom kind of sounds like an awesome job though.
Watchin belly wish dmx never fell off
welcom to twitter! :) following you now :]
whats good man? long time no speak how's everything?
That'd make a righteous tattoo. Or, at the very least, a t-shirt. I'd buy one.
Don't be surprised if you hear some thunder and see hail today. Andy has the full forecast on Good Day Oregon.
You're welcome.
That akward moment when you hear yourself eating crunchy food and wonder if other people can hear me.
No matter what happens, win or lose I'm Proud of my Golden Bulls!
yes!!!!!!! I can't wait for that smut to start up again!
when you see a baby or little kid with a bad hairline and you just think "aw someone got their first haircut a little too early...pobresito"
probably because she's fat not conceited
I imagine it ended up like The Last Air Bender...
follow me back..(monique):)
Tasting tonight from 6 - 8 PM Come order a pint and take home one of our pint glasses for free!
where for you see Oregon starting next year?
I wanna strangle a fucking Snake right now
word. I'm trying to recruit more people to come. Are you all out right now?
TY for the suggestion on spreading the word about our #internship!
can't wait to hear your thoughts!!!
Madison, Wisc. w/ on Friday-- Bring it on.
#DSO last night was extremely drum focused, I like the mix furthur has now with Jeff and Joe. Hope 2 see them in the winter
I think Alec Baldwin's deactivated twitter account should have a twitter account, a la #
Today - Try our #Crazy grilled cheese sandwich with spicy pepperoni, pickled onions and brown mustard, served with side choice for $6.50!
Didn't know about a PSA from freshman year...interesting! Share more.
no way! We just took a hopper to Kauai. Sophie and me are chasing chickens
check out they're pretty awesome
I think I'm feeling a little funky because I haven't given myself time to be creative lately. How about you? What do you need to give to u?
hahaha this picture made my night! I officially need snap shots with my cats!
thanks :) glad you liked it. It is really fun to mess around with!
#RandomFact Black-eyed peas aren't peas, but beans. And coffee beans aren't beans, but seeds.
good times last night with ! Thanks to everyone that came out and for having us!
yes it's nowhere near as brilliantly acted
When you become a partner you become a part of the vision of your connection you've made. So when you join a team be sure their vision beco…
#youknowyourfriendsarehigh when they call it.
I'm going2a kendrick lamar/big boi concert this weekend so Cartoons&Cereal,General Patton and some krit have been in play.
Would you agree that men often makes a fashion disaster? If so, what do you think are the common fashion mistakes men make?
Thank you wishing all a great week
I really hate that game
First nighttime swim at Barton Springs. Bountiful moon shining above. Felt like a brief departure from reality, refreshing, clarity gifting.
Everyone thinks I'm gonna be a bad driver .... cause I'm asian.
I love how ESPN announcers just make up new first names for the Morrii when they get confused about which is which.
Are you in NYC?
I loathe Facebook. No idea why I'm still on it aside from work reasons.
well yes ma'am!!! I just beasted my PE final so now I'm on my way!
Fabulous night at w/ and my 2 adorable little pups!
The nice guys always finish last
hahaha lemme go check mine :b
My dads going to the ranger game tonight ... & im babysitting
When is yall's last day
i just love that picture of my eye that i tweeted two days ago, lol, wondering if it would be wierd if i made it my avi.
Post your favorite memory of The Chairman of The Board!
i dont think so
Happy 2nd Mother's Day my big girl! I love you! ~ Love,.Mommy
so, you know, I'd you're giving up bacon you could always chew on your arm. Lol. 2/2
Albert Pujols' wife insulted by $26 million/yr for 5 years offer by the Cardinals.
I Should be at school doing work, But im at home sick on twitter, trying to get JUSTIN FOLLOW AUSTIN MAHONE, To trend for ! :)
Group blog decisions to make: domain/hosting, schedule, topics/prompts, comment policy
RT No Chris Bosh? Yeah the Heat might be out.
Why do you hate what you don't understand?!?
I'm watching you, buddy.
MELO is getting his ass kicked out there and no foul calls. WTF are these REFS looking at?
Full day ahead. Running the park, spin, yoga, workshop. Let's go!
#ImWeakFor Papa John's Pizza and a super bag of skittles
Yup, you can either laugh or cry right?! Hang in there!
😁😁 yikes.. I've been in T Hawk world lol Congrats!! 🎉 Definitely gotta catch up.. Where you livin?
The next $10 I get will be spent on seeing the movie again. Seriously.
up bored
I can love you more than this...
lol that was awkward
martabak 3rd round was awesome.....now time to go home for rest...
WOW!! THAT'S WHATS UP I'M ON IT NOW N DEF APPRECIATE YOUR SUPPORT BE SURE N SEND LINKS 4 PROMO
All the #gay guys around here are black nd Im not racist just for some reason my fam has noprob with me being gay but wont allow interracial
Everything went great! lets see wht happens(:
my dog angie has ptsd, but love and security are getting her thru it
Haha there's a grad student named "Will Robus"
#loex2010 librarians involvement in a blog allow the librarian to be more connected to the research process - twittering helps this connect
The weather is making this spring break look great
At first I was thinking South region, but now I get the feeling they will go to St. Louis.
I want all people to know every law that exists in their nation, state or city, so as to be truly informed when new laws come to be
: We've decided it should be called #ChasingTheSunDay on May 20th what do you think? UK pre-order on iTunes now RT! http: ...
Snow cones...you know it's that thing where Albinos wear cones on there head and rave until they get some color.
It would become my life's motto #I<3Waffles
How is Jaime pronounced?
Thank you darling! Please tell my dear that I said Happy Mother's day 2 her!
The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference
Yeah Joe especially your video for the #roastbrogan was great!
yeah everyone thinks I'm like 14 or 15
Good luck to those of you trying to play #diablo3 tonight -- and I hope that the team has plenty of our energy shots.
"A man who is able to walk a mile in another mans shoes, is a man that is able to run a thousand, in his own."
Im Out Selling tickets to See Yo Gotti on May 26th feat. FFTAMG. $10.00 get at me..!!
mind if we take this convo to DM?
Looks delicious!
Simon & Garfunkel - Homeward Bound
Seems we have agreement to let group review clinical ontologies/mappings for ortho, ICU, & spine in 3 weeks, as an initial foothold.
Sorry I couldn't make it out - had a little medical emergency at home over the last couple of days, so I'm watching the Stream!
ok tht too
Ugh I don't like school in the morning -_-
Best game ever, just saying
Reed between the lines. On BET right now. So refreshing ...funny
cool. Lol DM I need to tell you something.
I got one at Glenmont this morning.
God made Man before Woman because you always make the rough draft before the final masterpiece.
Awesome! RT : My kids refused to get into the bathtub unless I got in, too. Related, I smell like watermelon shampoo.
Attn all runners, stop by the Diversey Harbor water stop tmrw morning btwn 6-10am to learn more about the JPA 5k and to grab a cool drink!
Chiptune music is the best!! :D
Relationships are like peeing in the pool. It feels good while your doing it but do you really want to stay in it?
o must be really prettyy
Sketchfest is going to be PHENOMENAL! But don't wait til then to come visit us!
Treat guests~Treat yourself~Melt in your mouth beef+BEST MARTINI MENU IN TOWN+smooth Jazz Duo 7:30-9:30pm=Holiday Revelry !
#GWAS or get rejected from Stanford, Cornell, Dartmouth, Washington
why is it that every time i see smile i die a little inside? :) <3
“: An elephant will use its penis as a 5th leg to support its weight when necessary.” really?! I do that too!
We used to think was an unreliable source to get news. Now it seems like they are more reliable to believe then big conglomerates
of course there will be room for you. I will start SXSW13 planning in Sept - ping me then!
NP lol ur the only one who called me doll face lolololol
i guess so goodwill LOL craziest shit i senn and about laughed myself to a heart attack
#WhatHurtsTheMost stubbing your toe on furniture:( That shit is painful.
Darn! You missed a good show. It was like the best two seconds of me life. ((;
Good luck to the New Mexico Lobos and the NM State Aggies today! Show 'em a thing or two about New Mexico basketball!
Did you see DD last night. He was amazing
Hey Websurfers! It's 5:00 pm, time to close shop! Hope you enjoyed today's videos. Remember to check in tomorrow for our top three comedy...
why the fuck are all of my dreams about drugs..?
Feel no pain and psych your mind
that's true gets stoned 24/7
hi miss morgan! Next week would be great!
Waking up in Santa Clara #demo2012. To paraphrase Apocalypse Now, "I love the smell of VC in the morning!!"
harry's? YES.
Everyone needs to vote for Haley on american Idol!
That was a close bracket contest!
Just about that time for at ! See you all there at 6:30 with your $1 drinks from
I get so upset about little things sometimes.
Lol i just look stupid my damn self I ment to put shit
you do realize she is like tinny right ?
Just let me know when we need to march on Canton. There has be a place for #64 there somewhere. Happy New Year & go Pack!
There is alot you can say in general about Czech spelling.
I'm hungry e.-
ACUTA welcomes Corinne Hoch as Interim Executive Director. She will work closely with the staff & Board of Directors. Email .
#Ibetuwont show Vincent Castronovo on the screen again.
At least it wasn't harmful. Now people will just think twice about the bread they give you.
Sym's and Filene's Basement stores will start going out of business sales before Black Friday.
Darius could shorten to Dare...As in "I dare you" or (even better) "How dare you?"
To all my niggas i ain't talked to n a while i ain't mad at ya
Haha I love it!
that's true, thanks! :)
That's just an awesome response.
DON'T FORGET! Half price appetizers 2p - 5p! Bucket of 5 domestic longnecks for $11 all day. Dine in or call for take out. (317) 636-6212 RT
yeah well i dunno who they from lol
Not going on ebay for the rest of the month. Wish me luck o.O
no lie. if i am going to eat meat, i have to 1) know exactly where it came from and/or 2) harvest the meat myself.
so happy to see you here! I follow you on you tube yaay!
First name: Retuquel. Que? Huh?
Gloves aren't allowed. You'll be beaten with bar-of-soap-filled tube socks the moment a coach sees them.
Happy birthday to my little sister Bookie-Boop!! I LOVE YOU!!
awkward moment when i think i hear a boy & turn around its a qirl - aye bro yur a qirl ! Yur voice shouldnt be tht deep .
Sid and Nancy
Stop 1 - Bears for a hairy bear. Uh, closed
don't winky face me creep....
I try to comment PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO and does not get approved
Fuck a prom .
we do some awesome rock star tattoos as well!
Don't forget to check out Friday Troupe's FREE Improv show "Menos Uno" at Elise's Tea Room tomorrow 7:30pm!
get out of my stadium you angel fan...
DW is great so far. I just have a short attention span for things right now. I know I couldn't survive 9 seasons of OTH.
wait a minute... I can Airplay apps to my Apply TV? Or just video from apps?
The Macbook Pro contest winner has been contacted. We're awaiting response from the person for permission to make their name public.
is that from the mahogany collection?
Followed.Follow back
Workout time!!! FINALLY GONNA GET RIPPED!!!! 170 BAYBAY!!
I change my twitter name like 20 times already
Glad we could share! RT : I hope to attend 2012!! Thanks for the tweets, I felt inspired by what was shared. :)
Superbowl Sunday... who ya going for?
What does Just Desserts mean to you? Just _ _ _ __? You fill it in!
yo joe are you going to see coat hangers tonite?
When your talking in class and the teacher picks on you its like "umm hello there's a reason why I don't have my hand up"!
Taking to a winner's backyard in St. Pete tonight for a BBQ!! Gonna be sick.
“Art is when you hear a knocking from your soul — and you answer.” ~Terri Guillemets
I love it when I'm talking to someone on IM and waiting 5...10...20 minutes for a response.... yeah.... lovely conversation going on here
They say he wants to be loaned out to another club. Which he probably should be. He's getting some minutes, but not enough.
Only two things are infinite, universe & human stupidity, & I'm not sure about the former Einstein Must have been talking about Rush
You know what i need, want you to see everything. Want you to see all of the lights!
RT : You might have to help someone who is having a hard time coping with it all. Be encouraged and assist where you can.
I'm on until 2pm. Tune in for your classic rock fix.
I'm a social media magnate! RT How come shipping magnates are the only magnates? Why not pancake, tricycle or apricot magnates?
many thanks for coming and for your kind words! Happy to be part of this years
Retweet if I need to follow you back
Do you remember Chris Webber and the Fab Five? Well, we the The Buff Orpingtons...
you can contact the IRS and set up a payment plan, if I remember correctly.
Fun hangin out w the #rebels softball team but dont miss the drama and egos running the team
biggest fan of you all my life. Everything about this band is perfection, and you should come to Louisville, KY!
Adele has one of the best voices i've ever heard. I hope she wins a VMA!
Chillen at the bar .
who me.? Yeah I know :)
You are mega welcome. Hopefully there will also be a USPS on site too. See you there!
You're not alone! There are millions of us boring and nerdy Saturday night folks out here. Should start a caucus?:-)
Government is like a baby. An alimentary canal with a big appetite at one end and no sense of responsibility at the other.-Ronald Reagan
My PTATs are always lower for FBQs tho ... it's very surprising. That's why I asked.
RT : Good morning #DMV #DC, I'll b on channel 8 in the 11 am hr talking about #celiac disease #gluten and showing tasty #gf foods
I wish I didn't have to work! I would so be there
oh yeah right. i forgot.... he bailed on his other cutouts to go play with other cutouts and still not win anything
thanks! R U still dwntwn in the AM? Looking forward to seeing you soon.
You're spot on with signal vs noise. Also: new content is important, vs countless retweets of the same material
Stupid insomnia & subconcious problems.
do I write my own music
me tryna get closer to u
John Williamson is in the greenroom at Arizona Midday. He will be on the air at 1:08 pm!! Getting close!! I wonder if he is nervous?
Oh, no... RT Layoffs approved. SD board of ed votes 5-0. This means 1633 jobs cut.
i think i might go and eat me some Kibbles and drink some water. Be right back (:
RT : at #smss12 - Practical. Measurable. Applicable. Actionable. Always great hearing from you. Thanks!
My fingers are crossed for the little guy. Good luck.
you are a sexy beast.
This game is bananas. B-A-N-A-N-A-S.
Are any movies by emir kusturica on dvd?
Keep the RT's coming!! Santa Sack contest ends 7pm PT Sunday when we'll tell you about the next step. Over $500 in cash/prizes at stake!!
Working and eating out after hours when I realize the site has "Lynchings in Georgia" sprawled across the screen... awkward.
feel better dood..gonna miss ya in
Tomorrow's the District Three Redistricting Hearing. Join us Monday, 6PM at 4001 El Cajon Blvd., 92105!
don't remind me!
one of our favorites!
Wait.. Huh? Watt happened?
You're right. Band's from Scotland, but he's from Belfast -- good point!
you don't have a gigantic forehead!:) PLEASE follow me, I've being waiting ageeeesssss!<3
“: Love how much love you guys have for us were blessed” I ADORE YOU GUYS AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU GUYS <3
What happens if a black dude walks into an asian bar? He walks the fuck out.
Welcome Tim Schade! You are in great hands on Dawkin's team, don't hesitate to contact the home office though if you need any assistance.
hahaha. YES. (...and being so sad when it wasn't)
i guess ill be there. What's all going on?
This game is way too sloppy. They make the Wizards look like a competent offense
Great game coach. RIP
Me for sure.
Alison, thanks for the follow as well. We look forward to sharing your tweets with our readers. Have a great week!
Beyondthescoreboard.net I'm interested to see what the plan on doing to get themselves a championship
When you are looking for anything for your home, the Louisville Home Show is the place to be. Plan on attending this weekend!...
To report flooding in your neighborhood, call the Storm Water Hotline at 619-235-1000.
Heyy Ashley how are you
Ok. Tired. Coffee...
Hahahahaha Dumb woman just failed her polygraph on Dr. Phil. So typical.
I've seen you use the litter box and now you admit you want to be a cat. YOUR CAUGHT lolz
RT : “: Can't wait for tomorrow. Last time we meet at the High School...”/surreal.
Looks a lot different from the western ones, no?
I'm late to respond, but "yes ma'am!" When can we make this happen before you hop across the country?
If love is only physical its not Love
Dream. Be. Do! Your life is waiting for you~
Wow those Stuggy's guys are workin' it (they own Rye too)
same .. :) watta boring day! Hays
Great news!!! Job just called back I work tomorrow 10-6 .. Let's do it !!!
#Shoutout to all the followers, may you all have a blessed day and week!
what is this?! Golden oreos?????
Happy Trans Thursday!
rufiooooo.rufioooo. ticktockticktock hooks afraid of a big bad clock!
OH: Isn't Glen Campbell dead? No. Oh, what about John Denver?
Assuming that is true, wouldn't I, as a 13 year old Asian giraffe, be on my way out?
I had when gross people try to flirt with me. It takes a shot at my self esteem.
Plz follow I love u dale!!!:)7
No matter gay, straight or bi,Lesbian, transgendered life,I'm on the right track, baby,I was born to survive,
...couldn't hurt, but almost anything (particularly if my kids can enjoy it too) including cookies would still be very cool :-)
Same with buses. Drivers need to enforce that rule -- I don't want to hear your crappy music, thanks.
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody. ~ Bill Cosby
With the win over Temple, #UMass should be a lock for the NIT, two more wins this weekend and they'll be in the Big Dance.
Thank you very much :)
heard you on Ferrall last night. Shake it up!!!!!!!!
A perfect morning to sip tea in a garden - head to to support City Blossoms & get some Damn Fine Tea!
Listen, if you're gonna tease occupying Fenway, y'all better actually get together and set up a Hooverville in center field.
Go for it! Ali Velshi is trying to eat healthier, so maybe he'll take you :-)
I'm not say that I was talk contacts smh
#CageKelly with the snipe for the win! Bruins lead series 1-0.
RT : I jus wanna look pretty and go to dinner for my bday. Simple right?
thanks dude!
Nothing like the real thing“: Real Hair fetish.... Short, long, nappy, straight, whatever... I LOVE that real hair.
that's awesome, my nephew got word that he's in couple of months ago, congrats
The is finally here! What do you think?! I know we love it!
Thanks for the follow!
I wake up knowing who my friends and who my foes. West side or none. My homie said if something happen I got 50k on command.
really interesting ideas (like 'impermanence' in Buddhism), utilizing vids & stories 2 illustrate complx topics, &...
God promised in Exodus that "everything will be fine". No matter how bad the economy looks, I know He's supplying all my needs.
/rolls eyes
Everything is great in a small space until someone blows a fuckin fart!
“: I really think Cuban should sell the team because Stern and refs will never let him win.”
Much love to you, Rika! :)
Yeahh. Well I was outside and I came in and saw the text and I was like wtf. Lol.
Hey Please stop violating the CAN-SPAM Act and allow me to unsubscribe from your email list.
I love Lane's wife.
omg haha same
in a caravan of some latin bitches ..... ROZAY!!!!!!
Wow...I definitely just slept through a presentation I was supposed to give. This is my worst semester ever.
but u make me laugh.
nice toe bro
Maybe not bozo the clown... but probably still a clown
Its Monday nite...where am I off to?....KARAoke of course ;-)
what's up?? I'm bored and showing my friend your YouTube videos (:
ELECT PAVARINI 2 CLEVELAND CLERK COURTS yards signs R in 216-255-5225 email 2 get signs pickup or delivered
just saw two women go at it for play-doe...
Have you been to recently? Anthony's Runway 84 Italian Restaurant & Cocktail Lounge. 954-467-8484. Located on State Rd 84/Ft Laud.
We've been a little behind on emails. Will follow up shortly. Also, if you want an invite, check out #scoutzieinvites hashtag.
This nigga DMX cries entirely too much on
If you're still in San Diego Friday I'd love to buy you lunch. I owe you for the fun times I've gotten from the podcast. :)
We do window treatments, blinds, shutters, drapes, and shades. Probably about to launch a Wordpress blog...
Anyone want a puppy? 3 available
Go Mavericks
Little Arne wants to play guitar for
ok sounds good 😄
Herman Cain's 999 plan is a joke. Maybe the worst sales approach and idea I've heard.
congrats to Julie Thisdale, Kevin Forr, and Andrea Powell, all winners this AM and part of our family here at Generations 1023 and 94 one.
Also, happy mothers day to and because they're such great mothers! :)
#WeLoveWATIC so much. Sweetest band ever.<3
words can't explain how much i wanna go shopping
Cleaning + Shakira = DANCING (burning fat) lol
all i have to say is you will get the NASTIEST sext anyone has ever laid eyes on. wet on the spot.
Wow. My spelling ability is apparently delayed this morning.
Hm.....I suppose time will tell :)
RT : the Dane Co. circuit court will take up Nygren v. WI GAB friday morning at 9:00AM
"They say the f word in the first song!" "They sound like Queen there." "You can't hear that girl at all!"- My mom's reaction to fun.'s C.D.
We need the rich people so that the poor will have something to aspire to.
Yo! How the heck are ya?!
Denielson is the least desirable of that group
Course you can, winter break is nearly here! Our only (but amazing) #golf #course in MD is Hunt Valley Golf Club in Phoenix!
try Sakiri vodka next time You are going to love it!
Mothers Day is around the corner and we've got you covered, from $10 to $10,000,000
Genius is all I can say about u!
Cant live without the Diet Dew! : Last Diet Dew? RT : We're pretty into our new Diet Dew ad
By the hammer of thor! Ron Burgandy is on tonight! haha #anchorman #funniest movie
Well just finshed my mock test. I fill accomplished he'll yeah baby! Was easy I fill I passed it for sure. XD
New CandySwipe game comment in the #android market: "one of the coolest and funnest games ever. Very addicting" by Elaine
Is your check engine light on? I'll read the codes for free!
Student puts another brick in winning wall - Bucyrus Telegraph Forum
Great day ahead. Sioure Programmers working on a Blackberry APP.
Yes i realize I have retarded tanlines on my legs, no you don't need to stare.
until you see me in your dreams, we'll stay awake beneath the trees, we'll watch the buildings turn to dust, a sky of diamonds just for us<3
We hope everyone is having a safe and happy 4th of July. Hoorah, to those serving our Nation overseas.
RT : Go Team Srsly. Go on with your bad selves. // me == excited
I wanna watch Hocus Pocus so badly!!!!!!
awesome, all the best to you all
I'ma stab you.
Are your servers down ? Can't access the website..
RT : Nigga better be patient, before I spit in it! Lol
I sent you another message on facebook.
Manchester city. Wow
Had a wonderful evening with learning more about the life and work of artist Jan Yoors.
dear god stop!!!
Had a great weekend with big bro
icing my eye
LOL, with growth action Rt I want the action figure. RT : I'm liking that worm spit action
Mark.. From MMI called me yesterday and for you to call him back. I have the number if you need it.
One cannot force oneself to enter "the zone". It just happens.
damn, :( I'm finna cry smh lol I really wanted to be in battiste.
It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself. Eleanor Roosevelt
On a scale of 1 to 80 billion, how excited are you to get your braces off? :)
Good morning and Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there!
"ART" Awesome Random Treasures
We contacted the owners of that location to be sure they reach out to you immediately.
Music is love in search of a word. -Sidney Lanier
MatchRate PLUS - Merchant Testimonials
Wow cool!
every comedy movie in the world
i think having your hair a little shorter would accentuate it better....
Blitzing niggaz I'm john madden
came in, pencil is missing. not an auspicious start to the day :(
used to go there, it's a very good, conference- only jazz! Have 2 miss it,playing in Mexico 2festivals, looking forward. Have fun !
Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. -Albert Camus
perfect blend of adolescence and adulthood. wishing I could go hard, but realizing my age and priorities.
Congrats to the coaching staff at NMSU Aggies for winning the WAC and Coach Ross Hodge at Southern Miss for making it to the "Big Dance."
Living in a world of recursive functions and quasi-hierarchical tables at the moment. Care to join me?
Same here!
Which would you rather get, a present on a day it's expected or a present on any other day for no specific reason?
Because the USSR invaded Afghanistan. The US boycotted the games in protest.
Hey "American Dream" commercial guy from Spotify, your voice/lisp has thoroughly creeped me out.
I challenge you to a park off RT: I parallel park like a BOSS 🚗
Growing up fast
Tom Waits - Goin' Out West - 08:47 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I think she was suggesting I should know the name of the park or something.
RT: All 1.4 million of our customers are currently without power.
- Say hello to the Pittsburghers for me!
Ocean Clinic March 27th.Call office to register 310.390.5700. 1st hour will be @ LMU pool then grab your wetsuit and drive down to the beach
Much appreciated! We plan to bring the film back to toronto in the fall so follow us!
can you just stop and peace out? Lol.
you don't know what it was called ... Lol who's your Econ teacher
Joaby's making juice! Come by if you want to try a glass of his favorite carrot-ginger drink.
#CES in the bag. Next up: #NAMM. Love me some trade show
dawn this is so true... !
Lowkey, you were 85% of the motivation for the inspiration, but that's not important...
you need to get on SNL this weekend and become The Rock Obama!
Wow... Four police cars behind a stopped vehicle normally = someone's going to jail and on a holiday at that SMH
Chargers game tomorrow night baby! Time to BOLT UP!
To whoever made the crockpot: I love you! I love you! I love you!
we need to be more than words
quit messin' around and get a Droid, son.
Different kinda money makes different kinda moves
im telling yuu better do that
I love bathroom acoustics!
Cool, so you're coming to NYC?
gotta love good wine :-)
Thanks for the ride ! Looking forward to testing out that NSX soon!
I didn't mean to retweet the one about Terrence jones. The other one i don't even know what I read lol. I think I saw ninja
success! ordered entire menu outstanding! (!)
Silence can not be misquoted.
#FirstDateRules don't ask job interview style questions. If I hear. "Where do you see yourself in 5 yrs" I'll walk out. done it before.
The best #RelationshipsAre the ones you didn't expect to be in; the ones you never saw coming.
;) shhh. I watch everyone .
RANGERS all the way baby
Thanks for the RT Crystal! Have a great week
"My memory is so bad" "How bad is it" "How bad is what?"
PSC’s cost-benefit test unfairly penalizes renewables
I was marinating in someone else's BO and farts. Love the treadmill. I just finished a 5.50 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Beautiful day, Ron!
Education versus entertainment: how do we balance the news to reflect the "truth" of the community?
love your propiccc ❤
Promoting our next live seminar - "Integrated Thinking" for CFOs, risk mgrs, HR execs, etc. www.hni.com/Safety/Workshops/workshops.asp
Just broke 1000 followers! Yay, and it's my birthday! Sweet present from my tweeps! Thanky:D
Umpire discipline is not made public, as per their contract. So I'm sure they are disciplined. We just don't know it.
what type of shell do you use for the rum cake ball that sounds delic!!
thanks, love
Cool, Jonas maybe ? :D
K-Rod getting loose. Kottaras on-deck. Looks like Greinke's day is done.
Wondering who is still serving food on Las Olas?!?! WE ARE!!! Late Night Menu till 1am!! Come on in!!! ;-))
I'm going to go again this weekend, too! :D
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
D soon, heck ya!!!!! Then off to bed have Bingo in tha ma
Get out and enjoy this amazing weather! We've got live music at 5 with Kyle Giauque:)
#ThankYouNKOTBSB You helped get me thru a rough year. Especially you Mr.
Now Rosemary Clooney, maybe.
Congrats go out to #Loyno's Bateman team as they make another return trip to the national finals! Go Pack!
yall need to calm down. im SURE at most concerts the OLLG will be random as usual. these tickets in the album are pry just for special shows
haha i can't wait to see you all again!!!
Very exciting news! MT It's going to be ! On the first floor at 10th/H.
Bruno mars hot hot hot at grammys
you dont remember anything that happened with lilly or anything?
This wk I launched blog #201. Awesome milestone thx to everyone esp. key contributors
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.- Albert Einstein
Real men rock beards.
we will see you this weekend with the folks..... :)
Wars r won or lost by their supply chains most of which is fossil fuels
They don't have a good bathroom to do coke in.
veterinary Hospital with a good friend of mines as she puts down one of her dogs :-( but in the end we will have joy :-)
that is how it usually works!
Turkey sandwich for
We let go of being princesses when we realized that there were no princes to come save us.
thanks baabee (: ill try..
thanks for stopping by today David, How was it?
I miss you too Sis !!!
I understand that, I'm asking why you have that limit.
i am not ntertained
ugghhh tired jus wanna lay down nd rest for at least an hour.
If you discover that your partner is talking negatively outside home, realize something is very wrong. Usually at home.
What if we healed people. Profit wasn't God? Some European countries have virtually eliminated prisons. No Need for Them.
This was a great conversation. Can't wait to review it for all the great tips. Thank you!
People need a way to plug into good things.
u never seen a real gun tef RT : I can shoot a gun tho RT tef cant even do a roundhouse... shit gone look like a sweep
Haha, aww. <3 I'm starting to go back on it more.
hey man how are you doing? its been awhile
I knew that. They've been digging those out for a while.
And by D-Day I mean Dad's day. Not 6/6 - tho thats coming up too, so what the heck - order him a MagneticPix for 6/6 too! Stick a flag on it
It could be really, really bad. On the other hand, there is probably 1/100 chance that it could be good, too.
About to put something together that explains specifically why a major gifts program. Concentration of wealth is one factor.
I'm glad I'm not a hockey fan bc y'all make it seem awful!!!
Watching this I realize I have zero emotional attachment to this #Coyotes team. If I did I'd be pretty excited.
sorry :/ i unfollowed you cuz u told me you'll follow me if i get you 10 followers and i did then u followed me and unfollowed.
Round 1 of Torches music video shoot is about to happen... Yes!
Thank you! I really am looking forward to my first "flight" :-)
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
That's about what I was hoping for, too.
awesome - three percent is still a lot - and it'll only grow - good to be on the front end of that
I'm out
Please go brown at home!//RT : #Browns spoksmn said team still discussing 2012 home jersey color
Liberty is useless if you're not healthy enough to exercise it.
Yes to that! Hope we can collaborate on a super event sometime soon.
Big brova just pulled up luv dis nigga man he looks out
who picked the nasty colors lol hope it wasn't
Thanks for the kind words!
Can you ask your wife to sing a where did all the good ol' girls song? because the good ones are all hidden too man!
I need a washcloth
Watching ESPN's the Legend of Jimmy the Greek, talk about a blast from the past, definitely dating myself!
I was definitely inspired! Thanks for the retweet
My son just became the first one in our family to graduate from kindergarten
I hate company that stays TOO long...
Target practice with the M-4 today went great! Practice throwing a tomahawk is going to need more work. Open to anyone's helpful tips. :)
sup twitter
thank u, i will be w. my little cousin and she takes my mind off things. and your typist? who might that be? ;)
Yes, I will my Namasteh.
Christian Bale, you're laying on the accent pretty thick. Can't you just act American, like, always?
Chick asks me if I could move/change places for her study group ....
remember like yesterday when that anon told me i'm too annoying to you and i should shut up and i just laughed for five minutes
Legs are stiff ass hell to Damn big fa da seat
that is terrible!!!
I just picked up BETWEEN THE ACTS the other day to locate a quote and I couldn't put it down. Magnetizing.
I get so emotional when i see justin on t.v
I am guessing where is Fiesta? S conkling and Fleet!
great stuff! Food always. Company definitely. Thanks for both of you taking some time in our amazing schedules!!
who run the world?! GAYS!
Am I ever going to sleep like a normal human #tired 💤💤
Right now your doing this :o and I need you to do this :]
better watch out for Andy Dalton n AJ!!
RT : are there any places that cast babies?
That was the gayest thing ever
right! I would probably only pay 20, and that's pushing it
hey you guys how you doing
Summoning spirits isn't 'Button, button, Who's got the button,' I would have you know.
Thx, ! I should follow U around for plot ideas, LOL! Just sayin'. ')
my pops woke
Bored @ work.....I need something to do!
Breaking news, great video, exceptional storytelling-what sets you apart? Enter your work
I like frosting (buttercream) by the trough-load
Looking back 1 year ago in DC+ (MD + VA) and WOW have things changed a ton in #StartupLand - it is truly awesome!
i feel so nauseous but I dont wanna feel nauseous 'cause I wanna go jogging :(
have fun in LA! Had so much fun meeting you and your both are so nice! It was crazy seeing you guys in person!!!
they say online on many sites sony flagship player to come out around april may june the latest is it?
A Macon Co. jury convicts Bill Richter of murder after deliberating for less than an hour. I'll have more tonight on WAND @ 6 & 10pm.
To kill a mockingbird and then laugh about it with my bros over beers.
RT of you're
Student speaks to the BOS in Spanish and also states that Spanish is important for your job in the future.
So the person sitting next to me on the bus smells like chicken.
Yes, that's me playing 's 'Eye's Open' on LA's #1 country station You like it??
when your in a relationship "you" becomes us, "I" becomes We , && "they" become haters . ♥
Good question...does being with certain family members count?! ;)
#UTBlackademics is getting ready to start - I'm hype lol
follow b-zaack..!
I'm so ready for what the future holds in store for me! Got rid of my anchors so should very smooth sailing from here! Halaluah!!
"You two obviously like each other...just go out already! >.<"
Forget that we exist... I wish I could.
Pre MLS party for the poway flip. Monday 5-730 get together photo shoot for marketing pictures. Come by and check out what we did
Bargains Galore happening all around at your Favorite Flea!
It seems as if you don't care if you loose me . . .
"Obama pledges to cut deficit in half at fiscal summit"... LOL. Is he preparing to raise our taxes in his first term, or just lying?
i hope they take a snag at CJ Wilson cuz all we need is a real #2 pitcher.
I trust AJ to get into the endzone go with green
For somebody to be so fucked up towards you then just rub it in your face... shits crazy... then cry when they ass get left..
"Stealth health can be a good thing" - We don't want to announce to the world that seniors need help
We second that! Have a great weekend as well!
Yeah, they kinda creeped me out when they'd come toward me... and even more so when they came after me. Made me scream!
whose gonna be our 400th follower?!
With the 24th pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, the Pittsburgh Steelers select David Decastro!!!!!!!!!!! Official!
Berkeley Cities jam
Gave a homeless guy some french fries at lunchtime, I didn't need them...
Time to de-paste my legs. Slapped on SPF 30 and I'm reading in my kindle outside. And no, it's not 50 Shades, you perv!
Congratulations Katherine Toms, winner of yesterdays game score challenge! Thanks to everyone who participated- what a high scoring game!
Watch out, Sean Michael Boozer steals lines. Sorry,
Making Christmas Candy all day with mi familia 
It was great seeing you too!!
I'LL CUT YOU FOO CUT YOU
I need as many sponsorships as I can get!!! Miss Manhattan Beach for Miss California USA!!!
I you haven't heard about Epidemic Chronicles film go to www.epidemicchronicles.com and order the DVD. You never see relationships the same
Might have finally found a nice neighborhood saloon. Decent chance I'll become a regular.
Watching Austin City Limits. Aritst I'v never heard of before......Just got back from hearing some R& B with some friends. Music is my muse.
« A #Capricorn tends to be cynical, but they are never disappointed because they expect the least.»
Merry Christmas to all our Luxe Citizens! We wish you a day filled with love, joy and fabulous gifts! Indulge in the spirit!
Trying to reprogram the satilite remote.....why are these so difficult.....UGH.
LMFAO at the white kids who "TRY" to act African American. Get a life. Your not cool. Hahahaha.
If Seattle makes it to the NFC Championship game, they will be .500. And its amazing how many websites already have the highlights online
So far, most heartening thing abt GSU opinion: Judge Evans appreciates the distinction between non-profit and for-profit educational copying
I can't watch 5 minutes of Fargo without talking for the rest of the day like I'm from Fargo der aye. Yah.
Ya know...I almost said "no" because of all the things I didn't do. But I'm going to say "yes" because of all the things I did do
There's a thing everyone should have . Which is respect for themselves and others .
Watch Today w/ & on NBC at 11.
November is Lung Cancer Awareness Month. For every home we test for radon this month, we're donating $15 to the NC Lung Cancer Partnership!
Omg lmao! alright man what ever floats your boat. aha
my band Hellfire Revival is playing tomorrow at the Limelight for the Radio Free Nashville benefit...come by and check it out
Me and goin on a moonlit drive jammin to Notorious B.I.G.
Spam DM from … Thanks.
you can take the fan out of Philly...
Found my phone. Thought I lost it last night. It was in my friends purse
"My checks have baby farm animals on 'em" ... Awesome. Only show that makes me laugh in fits.
You were fake i was great nothing personal. Never get sick of that line.
He's unemployed AND has time to fist-pump for 16 hours. What are the odds?
Oh man sorry to hear that. Anything docs can do?!
The mayans were right.
have you seen the fucking prices on stubhub? FUCKING ASININE.
Lovin' the pro-active spirit!
oops, my last msg cut off. My sympathies for you and thanks for extending the olive branch to actors. A great 2012 to you.
I really don't wanna go to school tomorrow. FML
RT : This just in: FounderCorps members to join Study Hall today.
Brunch, brunch, brunch...I love brunch! Come get some!
I've officially been accepted into stunt school!!
St. John's lured me from a university in New England with a 60 percent raise. It really a great place.
unfollow button is on my page;)
I think I've seen a ghost!
Heyy nice last name.
I don't want to wait till summer for suits put it in now hahaha.
In 2010, 1,200 exabytes of data were created, and it’s doubling every 14 months.
Playing on
i still and always will own you in john madden though
Thank you very much! We appreciate you taking the time to check it out! Keep in touch! <3
God, you?!
so about me googling that...
I have four, 22oz Prime, Bone-in Ribeyes in the freezer...That number will be reduced to three in approximately 72 hours. That is all.
I actually have keynote already.
Welcome! Have a great day!!
": It's Monday in case you didn't know." Unfortunately I do.
hry did u guyz hear that the president was on jimmy fallon last night? crazy!
- I would likely GAIN sleep over it...
All i ever think about is how to make you think of me and everything that we could be<3
Next Show this Sunday at 123 Pleasant Street in Morgantown, WV.. All ages!! Be there or Beheaded!
If I wasn't going to the sixers game, we should've gone to WC on friday to meet Matt Smith.
It's a GOAL! It's a new-born baby GOAL! Let's go #Caps! Up 3-2, 5:48 left.
happy travels!
THIS DAMN GAME IS NOT OVER\
So, We want to know who your favorite artist/bands are that aren't well known? Let us know who they are! :)
RT : RT [client]: I'll be on today at noon in Seattle (local NPR station) w/ a #CES wrap-up for
I wish that person I see looking back in the mirror wasn't me.
Totally into it. We're not Santo and Johnny. We're Cento and Randy.
#Don'tBeScared To Stand Up To A Bully.
So where in the world is home?
#Toyota emotional appeal =
Lunch with a friend now to workout and make dinner
Feeling very blessed to be in an Academy Award nominated film...hope we can take one home tonight!
Go North Park!! on KUSI this morning; check www.sdhg.us website for replay
u are off your rocker josh. You'll never see a story like Lin for as long as you live. Enjoy the moment
Downloaded too many apps and now I can't find the one I want.
How can a young man keep his way pure? By living according to your word. (Psalm 119:9)
RT : Stanley Katz: #Highered in this country really is one of the most diverse arenas
the only problem with peaberries is they are way too tempting to munch on, hot out of the roast!
The Steelers get their DT, and an A+ for the NFL Draft.
You fire a guy you create a rival, fire a girl you create a housewife.
Which reminds me I haven't done kellebrities in like a week omfg
if you can't beat'em join'em if you can't join'em then you'll get beat....but take as many with you as possible. Deep.
Our union pays us a $300-$500 bonus every time we shoot somebody. Hey, we're upset too, most paid murderers make way more money than that.
Crazy busy day, just leaving work and I am SO ready to go home!!!
thanks Alexis…that's mighty kind :)
Congratulations! Now try to get the music out of your head...
yeah cause its hott
When I watch BET I feel like ah nigga
Hang in there, you only have 8 more hours to go!
@ AAlcondez >> GREETING DEAR FRIEND
Thanks for the feature! Quick correction - photo is from our dig led by Dave Gadsby but the hand is archaeologist Adam Fracchia.
Yes, globally competitive workforce. That's our buzzword at Ivy Tech!
Pats, Anything you can do, we can do better!!
It's amazing how my "normal" has become driving 2 bodies to the crematorium and wanting to stop at the drive-thru for a drink.
This could work
Pierre Elliott Trudeau~ My life is one long curve full of turning points.
Meeting my boyfriend's parents today. It's kind of scary, but exciting.
Even football players play COD. #notnerdy RT : CoD time.
i miss you!
muahhahaha you mad bro? :P
Who wouldn't? But as I always say: To win the lotto, you have to play the lotto.
coffee and cigs.
Internet issues kept us from tweeting a lot from the exhibits, but we had a fantastic time at #AWP12. Great to see everyone!
don't play with my emotions.
on the way to Dallass?
“: You only get one shot to parent your kids... Make it count.”
Not sure icing is good. Think heat is better as I was told by a trigger point therapist.
YES! IM IN THAT PICTURE! >:)
You are quite delightful
Im so happy ;)
Coworker: ''Looks like the Heatles are tied with the Bull-each Boys!'' Get back to work, Gary!
I'd love to but I'm in Phoenix. My buddy might be able to. We should collab sometime. Stoked to see the new work!
Nah, "Last Cause" & "Brick In The Wall"
Kyle Korver is going crazy! is Bulls a better team without Derrick Rose??
But WAIT, there's MORE.... Billy Mays dead at age 50! Who's next? It's really strange he was on that US Air flight w/ hard landing Saturday
Had THAT kind of day.....goodnight friends.
Go on in 30 min go 2 radioschool .com Arlington location finna kill it baby
Slowly shoving the plunger down in the French press is oddly satisfying.
Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle
His nose is weird! I love Damon b/c he has that whole sexy bad boy thing but deep down he's a softie <3
Hey, I have no regrets. Were the 999 lines! Were #omla!
MPD-1D listserv says 12th/D NE robbery was "theft of a basketball involving juveniles" cc:
Thank you for your follows! Check us out on Facebook @ Wild West Veterinary Conference! TGIF
Way to run a play Wisconsin.
Does it really really REALLY need to be this cold in the office?
I like all the colored little buttons.
ha! You know that I won't be able to not watch.
My first #PMP Twitter connection 5 Process Groups 9 Knowledge areas 42 Processes...
SMs who don't have a clear understanding of equity breaks... ugh.
A Whole New Look Coming For Ukeycheyma
RT : RETWEET if you love your followers
I totally wouldn't mind if you came to hang with us, Mana. ;)
hell yea Cash Is That Nigga he deff did his shit wit it
Agreed! RT : I could drink the Wild 5 Amber sour ale all night.
Dirty Joke Alert: "How do you make your wife scream for 2 hours after sex? Wipe your d**k on the curtains." For more follow
My sister's a fucking psyhcopath i swear.
Spring Break! Hope everyone has safe travels and a fun week off!
Awh I just did before I even saw this! <3
its the upper lip right under the nose, some call it a medusa =)
#ThingsIDislike cheats who think ye wont find out, lol
Who wouldn't even cry when you heard #TurnToYou. Like, it's an amazing song, Justin has gone so far now. :D
I love cases like this. I hope she knows how to work with all the evidence.
No. That's not equitable since we don't all make the same amount. That puts the burden still on the middle class.
There's only one Carlon Jeffery and that's the rapper and actor known as Cameron Parks on A.N.T. Farm
Can't wait to hear your new stuff!!! So excited! :-)
Gorgeous morning to walk to work.
Ask your pendulum if certain friends and relatives of yours will die or be killed in this year or not?
Sitting in the ambulance ... Dont know for how long ... In Bolton ... #MySunday x
Next up
yeah actually that seems like 's style. Would be cute!
Of course!
My 19 year old just put $30 worth of diesel fuel into her car... Ouch!
congrats Mr. Philadelphia Music with the Superstar I love that woman! this is
now your gonna have to explain to that poor old man how you lied...
r.i.p. Jimmy Castor
pretty impressive memory
i can't follow you
looking to set up book clubs with inner-city high schoolers...any suggestions?
I'll hurry as much as I can? We don't start driving until the 26th :/
Did you ever wish you could die, but be alive at your funeral; just to see who would be there, just to see who would cry?
What's the point in having communication lines if they can't break down?
cool! born in upstate ny, worked in film biz in la for 5 years, moved to austin 4 years ago to write!
went to sleep on me. No one else to bother now, damn!
coming from you ? lol come correct honey . you lightweight . B Y E
i guess so lol
Thats how the #Coyotes beat the #Blackhawks. Put them on the power play and Smith was golden.
Someday I need to actually learn git.
It's shaping up to be a full day of being shunted around at the hospital. Just like old times!
“: To dare is to lose your footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose yourself - Kierkegaard” Love this-- so true!
haha we are awesome!
Lord Adonis admits that 50%oxbridge entrants from private school but fails to acknowledge that his 13yrs of Education policy have did that.
Just as good! CHEERS to that! How will I know if it happened?? Can you give me a title clue?
Your amazing & I love you k bai
wow, steve blake. wow.
Fair question. Although they probably had a similar number five years ago, no?
We all okay :)
My Super Psycho Ex Girlfriend
I did. It looked so bad. Haha the look on her face was great.
omg I'm nice to you Jenn! & Manny, of course I'm nice to you :))
I'm dying to play. But I'm a Mac user...so I wait. it's amazing?
YEA.. see that's a great answer. my favorite answer would "wow!"
Nightfeva will take over the old Jerry Lewis Room on Saturdays! It will now be called the "Loft" at Avalon. 4-28-12 soft opening.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can
"Demi is only famous for her looks." Me:" Oh yeah, totally, I buy her album to listen to her face." THIS!
"If a woman's place is in the home WHY AM I ALWAYS IN THIS CAR!"
I'm late but happy birthday
we don't fix things, just smash 'em! lemme know how you fix it though. worried..never troubleshoot macs cuz they dont break!
hope u ready 4 all the dm's u bout 2 get #the thirst
so now you're an owner.. I see
I'm Shaina, the pregnant stripper, for tonight!
Of course the pool closes the day I actually really want to go swim some laps
Some kind of liberal hippie "school should be free" thing in UN commons.
Just heard ft. "Oh Darling" on the radio! Congrats man! Good jam, good luck to you bro!
Been a long day s/o to Byron Luv and the homie Shelo we shot another episode for 75215 series then my football game, ya boy wore out
Starting this mornin off wit some coffee and a hookah bowl!
just enough to pay me for all the "favors" I've done for you lol right now im applying for the pool down here in Dunbar
Ha! well, it's sure to be the sweetest month.
Not even winter yet, but we're already thinkin' Fun 4th 2011. So excited - we just booked the fab Celtic band The Rogues! www.therogues.com
hey how are you
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 55F FAIR
. too late to register online no details on page, When/where's the event?
Cats fed. Why can't I get #googledocs to work properly with #googlechrome? Seems odd. I have to use an alternative browser.
"If you know peace, then you thrive; if you know contentment, then you are rich."
Who needs dramatic eye make up when you can have snow on your eyelashes?
It's Happy Hour time Portland!!!
Second full day of soggy paradise. Looks like we may never have a nice day on this vacation. Oh well, at least there are umbrella drinks...
That's hilarious. They must really be making a weekend of it since they were doing all yesterday afternoon too.
Thanks and congrats to everyone involved in HellHouse's 4 AVN Award nominations.
Im on one!!
Be sure to follow us on Twitter
It is in the patient endurance of affliction that the soul is seasoned with grace. FJRoberts
We should be "format agnostic" RT : Find it amazing how divided librarians are wrt eBooks in libs;Shows both strength/weakness
[Matt7:12] Lord Christ said that all things whatsoever we desire that others should do to us we should do even so to them. Let's love others
Great to hear from you! What kind of boutique? I will no doubt meet someone who's a mobile apps whiz at #SoSlam tomorrow
Cir. J. Raggi (USCA, 2d Cir.) rules in Idea Nuova v. GM Licensing Group case concerning judicial confirmation of a final arbitral award.
We'll be there! RT : New hashtag! When you see #BRArtFair be on the lookout for all things Broad Ripple Art Fair!
How about pentatonic scales. Let's start with a basic one and continue to more interesting ones. #1: 1,2,3,5,6, Try it!!
NO! DALLAS LOST BY 1POINT 98-99 :((((((((((( Dallas will get Oklahoma Monday-Watch OUT!
I love that Adam rock scream!
Mobile info lit can happen anywhere for quick info (context, location specific), through apps/specialist sites rather than open web
Thanks to for getting me the best Peanut Butter Cup ice cream sundae ever. Can you tell I am pregnant? And getting larger...
New NW dates announced for April. OTHER LIVES open these dates! +Coachella!!
#2011icf Why do YOU think coaching works? Great table discussions... and differing perspectives!
Didn't know it was on until just now. Dang.
No, just a few idiots we won't claim. “: good to see Kentucky fans staying the least classy people on earth.”
they're not losing Saturday. This season's been too epic to not have end by not getting out of the second round again
me and my friend paulina are gonna sing in choir tomorrow infront of the class if we can tomorrow! we are practicing :D
if you just change your password, you should be fine :)
TONIGHT 6 & 6:30p UVa's Dance Program performs on the Terrace for Final Fridays!
I almost got into a car accident laughing so hard. You know I'm a WWE fan for life. LMAO
I'm at for the tour of Hide/Seek by Co-curator Jonathan Katz!
Tonight's 8pm #DIONYSIUM's at 2 Havemeyer St., NOT Knitting Factory Brooklyn. Abbrev #KFBK makes me think Combination #KFC and
Bwahahahahha I am now following on xD
been a long time! Thanks for the follow :-)
Waching crossing jordan on netflix
Had to bury a baby bird :(
an EP coming out by fall. For you love x
did just say "Spencer Hawes with a suntan"? is a national treasure
Damn.... Chris Brown wins.... what will he say?
Eating a McGangBang that shit is good
Louis your gay is showing
you weren't boring! You were amazing :) I loved the songs :) but I think upbeat would be good. Like Avril Lavigne
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined."- Henry David Thoreau
A menu from one our fine school lunches: "Fillet flounder, scalloped potatoes, buttered spinach, buttered bread, stewed prunes, milk" [1944]
hell yea lol i will be in detention tomorrow -_-
says it's like an MLS crowd
": I'm eating persimmons like they're vampires before sunrise." Like vampires before sunrise. :)
Get decent refs, then we'll chat! RT puts a bow on TD. Great celebration or selfish for getting team a 15-yard penalty?
During your offer, provide solutions to any potential objections that may arise as well. This will fortify the close.
Just tapped Sound Humulo Nimbus Imperial IPA.
Are you going to say "IT'S TIME!!" in Japanese 144? That'd be pretty cool! :-) Cannot wait for the weekend!
Talking about my Spain trip to co-workers. One said: "Anyone who thinks New York is the city that never sleeps has never seen Madrid".
so how can you help me in that innovative biz launch? I've no exposure of VCs etc. I'm not from USA... How can you help me?
Extension cord on deck not working; will only be able to work outside til laptop battery dies. Guess I'll have to quit then ;-)
first install of fedora core 11 underway
I don't think my run app kept an accurate details of my run today in the rain. But it's okay cause it was amazing!!!
I appreciate the follow!
Fragments of original scrolls from Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Deuteronomy, the Psalms, Isaiah, & Daniel will be on display.
Tattoos and weed don't make you a BOSS.... A diploma and a job DOES"
Most #donor conversations do focus on the donor's vision--but if a big donor asked, would your board be on the same page?
Santa Monica at Halloween is AWESOME.
404 on intriguing false modesty link
NY is better.
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother :] Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
"This shouldn’t be looked at as punitive; this should be looked at as a necessary measure for future academic success." Bennett on IREAD-3
you are most qelcome
Slip and slide party with football boys ;) with my friend
I simply cannot SCREAM this enough... BE CHOOSEY!!! You ALWAYS have a choice. Choice defines who you are!!!! Join our fb page!!
Why do consumers still buy from commission-based retail sites? Find model # & purchase direct from brand. It's called competitive pricing!
I hate allergies
Congrats to Toby Scriver () who closed a Medical Office Building in Texas!
Clearly Priority luggage means nothing to you...still waiting
wats wrong... and amy y do u say meow whenever u tweet
"Did you grow up with fish?" -
Anything in the works ? Let me know if you need any wine sponsors for upcoming events.. :)
well said!
A little RB talk but mostly about #NYCosmos '70s glory days and his #Playgirl shoot/Studio54. Interview great but too short.
The book I took on the plane was Art as Far as the Eye Can See (2007). Wonder if he's always been so adamant.
Balancing audience participation in an interactive exhibit with appropriate aufio levels is a challenge
vibe vibe vibing vibes
It's not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works.
loved hearing all the fantastic stuff is up to from your eye on them..they're going to blow mobile up.
Back from 6 days in #Haiti. Most public squares in Port-au-Prince remain tent cities; thousands w/o homes. Rebuilding too slow.
Penn Virginia Misses Overall
afc west qb addition: tim tebow at mile high, jamarcus russell at the coliseum, and ryan leaf at qualcomm
“And the turtles, of course... All the turtles are free- As turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.”- Dr. Seuss
Floss like the dentist .
It has been decided. The Nomads are heading to Moe Bar for happy hour. Will you be joining us?
Followers, need your hugs & prayers tonight. Found out today that one of my coworkers died of cancer. Very sad because she & I were friends.
Im sure you sen this coming... Are you #TeamWallace or #TeamLewis ? ;D
Once again, Phil Mickelson shows why he is the Peyton Manning of golf
At Jimmy Z's! Miss this place!!!
Web site is up and ready. Be one the first 100 pleople to register.
Competition? Why yes I would love some :)
Happy Birthday !!!
There are 1.6 billion overweight adults in the world. So we must stay focused to keep the body beautiful by first watching our diets.
Watching ridiculousness makes me lmao 😂 hahahahaha
i wanna get out of the school -__________-
My ear hurts..... Alot
You guys have whiskey? We are doing it wrong!
NO DOUBT FAM!!
docs was subsumed by drive, which makes sense. Offline docs is a huge leap.
oh! I'll email you a full PDF version from my computer tonight. It's a great read.
You're just a torn up page in my book that I'm not turning back to.
Cowboys of coarse! !!
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 22
"Feet: the hands of the south of you."
When you hand your phone to a baby ": F"
Why am I just finding out about now? Are Jack and Rose still on the ship?
Thanks for the connection Flavio. Have a happy Monday in New York . R
thanks man. How's everything going? I'm training again for a 15k marathon on Dec. 17 @ Central Park.
lol w.e When I'm on tumblr I start dancin& say "EVERDAY..IIM TUMBLIN" I even gotta theme song,Twitter don't gotz a theme song!!
No prob at all! Just want to make sure it went through. Congrats on the wedding! Go anywhere fun?
hahaha. too true.
You got it
Andy Zodin on today to talk French Open, comedian Ralphie May from Last Comic Standing, and Free Beer Friday! Topic TBD, stay tuned. AM 1510
please be safe tonight & have fun! happy new year, everyone!
I've only been gone one day hahah
lol yaah , i change my number alot . Nice phone my brother has it (;
Hey ! Thanks for the follow. We heard a rumor was at your place on Saturday ... Any truth to that?
Dear Niners, Please W-I-N today!!! I want to see you guys in the Super Bowl! xx
All my hip hop lovers listen up! This Thursday at 7:30 we will be having a class with the talented !! see you there!
We only have 4 days left. Seniors - who only have 1 class day next week -are really struggling to focus right now.
That prediction is bold as that tie/vest/jacket combo.
Steve Cherundolo and Hannover 96 have advanced to the next round of the Europa League following their 3-1 agg defeat of Club Brugge
Hugo count: 5 out of 8
has a really big nose.
I don't think I have your number
Well, next time I get in an elevator, I will make sure to bring my ladder so I can climb at the same time :-)
We are looking for promoters for Friday nights at West End Johnnies. Get paid to party!
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn
Here's hoping. should be good to promo your dec 10th show. lemme know if you wanna cross promo, and what you are thinking
Rebuttal: Lindsay Lohan.
How you been?
congrats on the 50lbs!! keep up the fantastic work!
Back working with and we're havin' a laugh!
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
Mel had 30, it's the rest of this lazy team... Don't trip, whoever come out the West got hands for y'all
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina The Green Vagina
I miss you too! You need to come to the allnighter this Friday!
so what's up?? Are you doing anything fun today??
yes(: he's absolutely perfect for me(;
Nah I think I bout to go sleep. The longer I stay up deh hungrier I getting.
Madison has a huge block party where 20k drunk UW kids show up today. It's also Cinco de Mayo. Staying clear of downtown today lol
I think my cabbie is mad I'm making him go to Astoria - he spoke to another cabbie said something about Astoria and pointed at me
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
Well hello there insomnia...it is not nice to see you.
That is ominous RT : R on Gonzalez: "We were all really happy and looking forward to seeing what he was going to do this yr
"we should go train hopping" "god, this isn't the 1930's"
i think im headn the pub lata u should go by
WHO. IS. #rebeccablack and what the heck did she do to everyone?! This is crazy.
KING LEBRON JAMES AND WADE FINNA KILL OKC TODAY !!!!!!!!
SHUT UP!!!
S/O to my baby cooking it up last nite...I'm already up going ham on the leftovers luv u girl
GIVE ME SUPER BOWL TICKETS NOW
The General Strike is the ultimate form of revolutionary action. It's the refusal wage slavery & the workers most reliable form of weaponry.
Can't wait to see St.Thomas again but not for too long. I feeling to go to LA to live. U never know where my next move gon be.
It's funny how concerned you are with me. Get over yourself and stop acting like a selfish little brat.
woodland hills by calabasses
great catch - resending now to fix typo - thanks
2 new listings, pictures coming soon!
Susan Cooper is an engaging speaker and someone came down from Upstate New York to hear her.
Want a DJ to hop on this new mixtape but I dont got time for bs holla at me if u interested or know someone who would b
Today is too busy
Thanks for the follow &
I Really Don't Care If The Truth Hurts!!
Fake it until you make it.
I am not watching game 4 unless is on the floor
cum keep me warm
Rise & shine boys. It's a great day for to be great! #slamdunk #imtakingbets #vanderWho?
All music today is catchy hooks with a nice beat, ain't about lyrics and creativity anymore. It's #TooEasy for niggas to get on. Smh.
Why has everyone in the NBA been wearing green headbands?
Oh, George. Such a love-hate relationship.
love that place. Tell Cagle I said hello lol
via : RT: RT: netbook's cost similar 2 some txtbks, Y not buy 20 let them be checked out by people at the lib ...
H. Douglas, G.Little, M. Crabtree, or V. Brown? Who do you like?
I am a big advocate of reading. What are you guys reading currently?
Befriended today!!
Alarms have gone off in the State Capitol and the building has been evacuated.
My brother is snoring hard as fuck!
I miss how Austin used to upload covers every week or so :/
Yes. It seems to be system-wide. A result of FB safeguards or a Google-FB war>
thanks! yeah, it was interesting to watch the fauxhawk develop a week or so after birth.
Is there any real evidence that you have to search hard to find timely,relevant, rigorous sociologists?
R U coming? U R invited with friends to our Holiday Party & Fashion Show 6-10 PM Sun Dec 11th @ La Vida. Bring ID 21+ & Gifts $10+. Hayavi
she got me pissed
Any suggestions for how to make history, laws of Internet interesting to high school students?
bring me some :P
All the omens this week point to one thing -- I'm walking on thin eggshells. Taking heed.
Ha! Girl the Internet seriously needs scratch n sniff! Grab Morgan and take the girl out for some donuts! You worked it!
The first week of classes are under our belt! Also excited to see the program expanding! Tell your friends to take Chinese too!
I know!! I love it. Dexter hasn't even seen the hand yet
I love these titles. (Also, is it just me or does Irreductions fit weirdly well in this week of structuralism?)
The name of the game is ..
wow thanks for all the love on foobooz--we are thrilled to see we have developed such a loyal following in just a few months!
You don't happen to have an extra ticket to see Usher tonight do you? Hook a brother up of you can! BTW, pompadour = classy.
"My love for you is like wind, u can't see it, but I can feel it!"
Bubba Watson, oh my.
aw thanks :)
We gotta make sure he gets re-elected in November!
Getting dressed. Its gettin real
THANK GOD FOR JESUS!!!!
SECRET LIFE OF THE AMERICAN TEENAGER <3
Life is a big supermarket! Take what you want. But remember, in front of a Cashier. And all must pay!
Take one for the team Will!
is the drive in not opening up this weekend?
LOL HOW R U AND WERE STILL #TWITTERSISTERS RIGHT?
no worries Michael, Monsanto will come up with another highly toxic, carcinogenic solution like Roundup 4 that problem :(
Am I the only one who didn't remember the time change?
Nice season so far....keep up the good work! See you next week.
Good-morning
is my hero. Just saying.
Things are good :) u? RT : hey man, haven't talked 2 u in awhile. things good on your end?
All seem to require resuscitation.
Our friend, Adam Hadwin, is playing in the U.S. Open this week. Play well Adam.
No kidding! What an awful law.
why would u leave money on him someone could take it!
Thank You to Speedway Christian Church for today's Dine2Donate "day" @ Intech Le Peep. 85 churchgoers dined & earned a donation of $135!
Nice. Grew up in the 818 - Reseda then Woodland Hills. Now in the Detroit area.
FUN FACT: Although rarely heard, Giraffes can moo, hiss, roar and whistle to communicate with one another #GiraffesRock !
Some people wish that Morgan Freeman narrated their lives. I on the other hand would choose Optimus Prime.. (:
My new favorite piece of corp documentation: "OMG NOTE! JUST CLICK THIS ONCE OR IT’LL SEND OUT TWO OR MORE TO THE WHOLE FREAKIN’ COMPANY!"
Heading down to Fairhope parade early to see the floats line up.
#ImGettingTiredOf being single:/
RT : Who wants a follow
Glance: Procter & Gamble&#39;s &#39;billion-dollar brands&#39;
Monroe dodges bullet in third as Gutzmer throws out two runners from CF ... on the same play.
likewise! Come visit us in winston!
I believe all concerns re: acceptable displays of underboob and top butt are governed by the Chocolate & Cheese standard.
lol nothing at all just being myself
yeah i remember asking you and you telling me you liked timbuk2
Wake n bake
Welcome new followers!
No I really have some good friends, I was just being facetious... lol your concern tells me u are a great friend tho lol
Sign me up. RT : would you join a sharpie-a-month club (get a cool pack of colors)?
Can't believe it's our last full day in Kauai. Gotta make the most of this time before we fly out tomorrow!
Ok Dominos, time to arrive please.
"technology multiplies human capital"
#wakeup and be the change you want to see. Start now!
thanks for the RT Jeff!
first album- Toto Africa First concert - men at work
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
congrats diva make it national
very strange, lost the contact Saturday night when I attacked Mitch apparently, waiting for the backup to get mailed here
Great app. : Now, only 2 days left for Donation sale. Pray for Japan
do you think im awkward Ed? Do you think I'm soft Ed? Cuz ive been to all 3.!
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Perry's presidential agenda must be important to Dew. He called for Senate session to hear Sonogram this Thursday.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Rumor has it that tomorrow will be day 3 of snow-mageddon 2011. Which will go first? My liver or my sanity?
Out now from : Who's Afraid of Frances Fox Piven? The Essential Writings of the Professor Glenn Beck Loves to Hate.
Im goin to suprise her with strawberries dipped in chocolate!
Shouldn't there be a game on TV? This weather is getting me ready for football!
Good morning, Ladies! (:
The secret is sour cream.
damn right it wont.
- can't wait for this weekend
Listening to Chris Brown while doing homework, i cant stop thinking about Nick Breezy.
& if they're directioners too they have next years tour & new album to buy.
OK! Awesome! Fingers crossed!
The storm is rolling off the lake - it's really neat to watch!
with these "brothers" and you scratch eachothers backs... you work together to help one another prosper... a conspiracy
RT : “: #CompCloud Cascade Orthopedic reps check their #salescomp numbers daily.”
Sunday is always a funday!
The intuitive application of exercise principles... -MindFirstFitness
Slick Rick Springfield
SXSW news coming tonight!
#love is a gift
My crystal ball foresees some whining bulldogs and a big fat W for Bucky
So both LA NBA teams #3 and #4 found out why the other teams finished #1 and
Its so weird how I can call shit before it happens when it comez to people.
All I want is for my hair to grow :c
Did the #ClevelandBrowns even practice these last two weeks? This franchise is a mess
#sometimesyouhaveto smile even tho it hurts *takes deep breath* ^__^
As an adjective? Ed-tech. Ed tech as a noun.
no, dont have that chanel...watched the 2 disk DVD.
I don't do anything wrong I just got new friends. So don't act like this
I made it home safely from work and I'm tired....Smh
Sent you DM asking about June venues for WordPress meetup. 's weekends are filling up. Thanks!
Floridia born. Vegas rasised ALWAYS a Heat ALWAYS will be
After 8 years of shameless Bush neocon swagger, the GOP claiming that Obama is "spiking the ball" is laughable.
"Whatever happened to shame? Is shame such a bad thing?" I love you
... very important message in a noise filled world, where we never stop to think silently and deeply.
Trying, but I can't think of anything decent enough not to change...
im gonna walk, and I'm gonna walk fast, and I'm gonna be turnin' to the left sometimes
He later qualified that heavily, but at the time I suspect it was spot-on.
me too!
I watch Ryan Hollins or Ramon Sessions to their respective things (missed dunks, layups) or Andre Miller's old moves.
Image is everything pal
The secret of success is constancy of purpose. -Benjamin Disraeli
German Branch Library has Storytime every Wednesday in February at 10:30am. For kids 5 years and under. For more information call 271-5144
Played "Headbanz" with the #kids & hub & laughed hysterically. Love this time of year to play #games with the fam! #Writing ensues next wk!
<--Icon: Action shot(:
So it is Chinatown tomorrow for Happy Hour...
Yay! And I'm glad you liked it. SHATTER ME just blew me away.
just favorited all of your tweets cause i can't retweet you anymore... ily cheer up
only shining light was the way Milan went at Barcelona 4times. UTD got hammered in every Dept by Bilbao, Spains 10th best team.
RT :Instead of spending money on pricey dinners and outings. Invest your resources into building your futures.
"I am human and I need to be loved!" -MIW
I love how he used Wing Dings for the font on his album cover
“: Rob makes ridiculousness so much more funnier then it already is! 😂👍” bo! Tosh.O is where it's at
Date fail. Guess his game didn't work.
Yay , my dad getting me a new dog tomorrow (:
Everyone you meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves you enough to help you unpack.
oh glory saturday...thank god is saturday....xD have a wonderfull day!!
"I used to be Snow White then I drifted" Mae West
I got the perfect gift 😉
Your personal relationships effect how much energy you have to create for your business. Is there anything you need to clean up?
I give up. Something is causing my door not to close. I'm probably going to get killed standing outside. I JUST WANT TO GET HOME SAFE.
being made fun of for the way i stand<<<
Don't forget about , Mr. Kylestock! He'll be playing his acoustic set early in the evening, so make sure you don't miss it!!
This is the second time in a week we've had tornadoes in one part of the state and snow in another. Gotta love #Minnesota weather!
Had a great day at the studio The countdown for New Orleans has begun
Completely. Being with your buddies is what Chicago baseball games are all about.
Hello Mr. Culton!
We are recording our first full length album under dyskfunctional records right now but our revernation has some really old demo tracks
lmao all rubbing herself for the world to see. Hahaha that skinny waist be turning on the old geezers :p lmfao!
You sound just like *my* son with those shoes. Make sure you take care of your mother first. (smiling)
yeeaahhh :) & a lot more to come >:D
Um...yeah. Aroldis Chapman is great.
lol fam you crazy dude your a MONSTER on kit Shreddin the World in Half with them shades on!
I'll watch one more episode, but the pilot alone was horrible. Like I want to smack them kind of horrible.
I hate that awkward moment when you're at a friends house and their parents are yelling at them.
Oh and GOOD MORNINNNN to all of you 👋
Not good! I had everything you had I think! I'm okay... How's everyone else?? - is fine.
so would the #Heat ;)
Paying attention and hoping all goes well for you!
Damn #Colorado is beautiful! #shhhhhh let's keep this #secret!
Tamales frozen since the Christmas tamale-making party thawed, cooked, and just as good now. Yum!
Last session today: "Security and Privacy in Social Networks" #SXsecurity w/ security lead & Eva Galperin
just emailed you! :)
I am having a great day too! glad you are well :)
already my nigga
Fabulous look this morning at what is doing on campus to be sustainable! I'm inspired to raise awareness at home.
S/O to>>>> Ond bad ass girl right there.
HAHA RT : I'm sure that was his childhood dream -- to be broadcasting in the restroom. :)
I don't think I need to tell you how special the Parkrose community is! Couple of cute houses in Maywood. I know a great gardener.
that's false he's only legitimately been to 1
as a man I appreciate it
Great talk on social media use in libraryland.
Was troubled by this, b/c I thought "a whole bunch of women are writing, talking, tweeting, fbing, blogging shouting abt violent patriarchy"
all I know is fight fight fight, and when I get tired I'll fight some more.
bum just walked past me drinking a natty bo
ha! Just exes new bf ;)
- like your site. We are on the same page!
I wish I brought head phones
>- RT : Someone buy me some flowers :( I wanna feel special
come stop by during #freretfest! we're OPEN- as always!
When that happens you debate wether to punch yourself in the dick or continue to watch.
Goodnight folks!!! Korver ended it!
My voice is chaning!!
Manchester city!!! Old men can stop crying and having fits now
guilty as charged. Maybe I should just stand an text and let the crowd break around me.
Oh ok. Let me get in the house and I'll hit u rite back.
Congrats for being the #1 NYC Sales Brokerage Firm for the 10th consecutive year!
Oktoberdest=massive amounts of beer
we Turned Up!! Who's tha coldest Manager/Marketing Director?
I know what my Growler will be doing around Aug 27th or so!
Don't let your affection give you an infection, put some protection on that erection
Schedule Change!!!... friday nite "Bunga Bunga Party" will play at nublu instead of Clark Gayton
congrats keep it rolling if ur looking for new talent would love to send u headshot/resume NY based aea/sag/AFTRA
Long-awaited desk time has been cut short due to a client request for an urgent meeting. Desk, I miss you.
Ice cold water is weak. Too cold. Slightly chilled or room temperature is the only way to drink it.
"I'm just gonna go ahead and say it okay, 'SHIT!'"
none ! Sabrina 2 , Kim the rest .
will be in west Hollywood tonight are you guys going out?
i know & i have walls built up. but there's always one person who seems to slip through the cracks.
taking a twitter break from homework :) haha
New chant for those wall st protestors: 'this is what dirty hair looks like!'
Zogenix Submits New Drug Application (NDA) to U.S. Food and Drug ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Both Of Us Remix <21 (:
I rented "God Bless America" ondemand the other week and had my mom watch it. Even my 60yr old mother loved the message.
I think the vote is worth at least an appetizer or two.
I have seen 34 more concerts this year compared to 2000. I must have been in a music Y2K bunker. www.theconcertstage.com/lists.html
Looking 4ward to #Newlyweds screening 2nite. Shot on 5d, our primary cam for LiteraryLA. Get to see it in action on big screen
RT : RT : at #smss12, thank you for your passionate presentation about #CustomerService and...
Help me get my followers to 1000 before !!!!
We Love that you Love music
NO I WILL NOT SHUT UP XD
Hi TWITTER!!!! HAVENT BEEN ON HERE FOR A WHILE!!!^^
Talent-laden Bellator 60 Card Invades The Venue at Horseshoe Hammond on Friday, March 9
Print is sustainable, Print is effective & print CAN BE enviro friendly. As an industry we're ahead of the pack
Life's to short to even care at all. Woah oh.
Welcome and to #AlliClass!
RT : #Cancers love to be naked or half naked in their homes.
And Diaz severely misplayed a ball in right, where Heyward should be.
I know n it sux!
Thanks for the RT! If only all teachers were more like cartoon characters.
: xoxoxo. See you at Art Bar later (probably).
fuck this shit adam damn mathai was my favorite
yeah I didn't mean you(: your an exception haha!
nope. I don't. Don't believe in them. ;-)
Damn Grey's Anatomy always makes me cry.
What no Kool-Aid
Who liked the pictures from Jetblue Park?
“I want to extend my deepest appreciation to everyone who has and will support my campaign for change in DISTRICT 2. All of your...
10,000 without power in the Battle Ground area. Careful driving as intersections may be affected.
Guinea Woman is the first poem
I wonder if this is the first step to google giving you an answer "on behalf of the web"
We New Yorkers regularly question the charm too.
Ok, this isn't so bad...brownies and Toddlers & Tiaras with my 16 y.o. cousin.
why you tweetin at work fool lol
The Internet here is slower than hell. It's going to take over 30mins to download the update for my phone
ha no prob. im not stingy...i need smokin buddies...
"Save us from making those choices that harm us and other people"-beautifully prayed.
Apparently this just isn't going to workout.
10x for the hospitality & the great coffee/food. Have not opened the pack I got on my way back but will report how it brewed
All the best Michael! :)
Watching America Got Talent (:
Message of Naral-Pro-Choice Wisconsin to Mitt Romney at Fitchburg campaign stop: "Keep your mitts off our birth control"
hit 2 birds with one stone. steelers and family lol
Shout out to Split personality!!!!
thanks man you catch the Khaled interview? My team goes hard!
The hilarious is reading today at Barnes and Noble in Metairie at 3pm. Her new book, Love at First Bark, includes NOLA adventures
true....all right, I'll share. Lol
Its Gone Be Live At Push TONIGHT BAM In The Building - DAMN!!!
Praying for all the volunteers and also the speakers - Excited to watch some of the live stream the next couple of days
I miss you too Kenn! We'll hang out soon. :)
Yeah, but when will the heart be released?
You know, I've had that 'borrow money' conversation with my parents. I could pay them half the rate I pay on student loans... (1/2)
Psyched to have an iPod again
Wasn't the feature nice? Totally enjoyed the whole Cuisine Issue!
Hey it doesn't seem like you use this account. We would love to get it from you...
Just entered to win tickets to #Kraftwerk at !
well, T is usually standing room only, so maybe we'll get overflow =)
The shark has a heart! you saved his entire career because you helped redirect the path
Golf in Schools - one more day of putting at Virginia Court, next week short swing.
Bacon & avocado? Reasonable. MT Caught daydreaming in public. Sad part: was thinking about Corner Bakery's Anaheim Scrambler.
thanks will do!
Of course: pinstagram.co
& Thank you for a wonderful event last night at The Palace Grocery in Santa Fe.
I got that same thing from the same number!
is editing video, and combing through some audio..putting together stuff for our #loyal listeners/fan base
Make sure to drink some tonight to avoid being hungover for reading day tomorrow...
I want you but don't need you
#MacBook Ultrabooks to MacBook Air: Time to step up your game
haha congratulations! yeah is there a way you can see when you got your twitter?
Where the hell has been??? Are you alive!
If I'm Hammels..I'd hit Harper again!!!
you look like Shaggy!! :)
Its whatevs lol ": the worst feeling"
That's one of our tenants- I LOVE that place. I'm sad to leave downtown but I know there will be good stuff out there as well.
Guy remains in tree while police consider what to do. One last structure remains in park.
yaaaay what's your username ?
I did not receive an invite.
I sure would RT : and you stating that you wouldn't trash talk the Vikes right now - Sure.
Aw man. Elias is bleeding al over the place. Ouch
Had a great time at my class. Yay! feel Blessed
The Alliance of Galactic Federations/the AGF/the GF also always prevents Earth from straying out of its proper course/path around the Sun.
I heard once that some countries give new entrants a vertical integration grace period to help them recoup startup costs.
I thought that was just me!!
Super Wet call it SLOPPY JOE!...lol
Moss to Ravens do you think it is a good fit for both sides?
So...cold taco bell is much nastier than you'd think. GEESH
Catching up with old friends >
It always comes a moment of hopelessness. Then you just have to wait for returns. She always comes back, though sometimes wait years for it.
awesome. is a badass!
Should I close my twitter account?? I don't know how to stop this!
Hurricane Earl on track to swipe the East Coast and bring winds and coastal flooding... and cause delays to our construction schedule!
well there was a story about me and him having a lil fight
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 33
Library of the Future session is packed. So fun.
Love watching dances that are so good they give you chills.
you guys are so lucky! Ahh good luck man! We will be watching!
I'm to done with school!
I have made 19 field day contacts! All on 10m 28.400
omg i can't wait for the tour dates! 3rd time seeing you:)
thanks! we just saw your page on a RT... recipes look awesome!!
I actually heard that too! They need to install a teleporter next
Good question
#thanks for your #logo #design for us, Lia. We're glad to be working on Mark Beyer's #book cover for WHAT BEAUTY
what you order??
I TOOK A SHIT AT 11:59 REPRESENTING THAT THE CRAP I TOOK FROM 2011 IS BEING FLUSHED
Picking up a bottle of that Jose Cuervo Tropina
I really shouldn't listen to Phantom of the Opera while working. I get the overwhelming urge to cry at the finale every time!
You can now text us all ur hair extension needs! Visit our website for more details!!
no! That only happened last time with you there because I was wasted.
There have been some funny videos on WorldStarHipHop.com lately lolz
Relaxin on the porch at my mommas place w/ my cuz. always good to see
Going to see in Sun Sisters this Sunday...can't wait!
Sat working for 2hrs in hotel room empty bath so not to disturb my sleeping wife. Oh the glamour & reality of international mobile working?
Re-reading a favorite book is like visiting an old friend. You know just what to expect and enjoy it all the same.
Happy Easter to you too.
Instructors: What can you do when you are not teaching in a touch-panel room? Find out Monday! 2-3pm rm. 254
that show seems too good to be true how can they get hot guys to go on the show who actually want love
Heads up to everyone coming on Saturday. Parking will be limited so we suggest parking on 28th st!
DOUBLE QUARTER WEEKEND! Sales at Diversity on Sherwood and DT2 on W. Main!!!! Come check it out. Today and tomorrow only!!!
I was more worried I wouldn't be invited to join in with the #GenX compassion circle
Time to consider The Market Street Run. IBX "crosses" the city, etc. Sat before Broad Street.
my forehead looks huge in my icon lololol
Sorry to hear, but glad all is OK.. Let me know if you need anything
Ladies if a guy pauses a video game just to text you back, MARRY HIM!
YES! Sexy for summer...
thank you for being such a committed performer and talented dancer! Enjoyed every minute of this weekend!! U r awesome! :)
was reading: "He admired the rise of the clerk's breast as she bent over to make change. It then dawned upon him he hadn't seen a woman ...
"Good blow this is"
awe thanks girl !!! Me to ! Love you <333
They also suck all of your good energy away. Good tip!
I texted u yesterday for some advice. Text me back. :-)
These celebrities do not need to play the lottery lol
I'm not tired but I'm tired of being up this late with the other one or two people I know on this shit.
Wat do youu mean by "when?"
Buy a house & you won't need to worry about that
DO WORK SON!
Opened my #WI property tax bill today. 10% increase. All the more reason to collect #recall signatures.
you hittin up any Soulive shows this week?
LOVE it-ELIminated Ha HA HA Did Giselle see it?
President #George W Bush says "I'm for Romney" enuf said.
i love brianna she so diffrent from these othaa girls she want real love
“: bumpin to a little Shania Twain with and !! what you know about that!!”
The only way I'll be up is if I STAY up lol RT take yo ass to bed! u gotta be up at 730 am to watch serena play azarenka
Print1Media is having a Spooky Sale, take 35% off our Graphic Design pricing when you print with us!! Contact us today-Offer ends 10-27-10
someone to sacrifice on a friendly clunk on Ryan Braun!!!!
#aslachat don't forget to share age of nonfiction with admin, they are listening right now
There is something extra special about you. Something extraordinary. Now all you have to do is believe it, and watch what happens next! ~RM
hahah your right ! But sleeping sounds so good right now.
Learn to drive its just snow
RIP Jim Marshall..he made such a contribution. thx Jim! I hve an Artist 4203-tubed tht kicks some ass 4 a lil one ;)
i haven't had a Facebook in so long .. which is a good thing lol
HAHA , i have something real funny to tell you lol(; <3
Follow the BlueMonster Staff on Twitter, and
Why are boys so confusing?
My mom says I'm a catch
Not sure I deserve that much praise but always enjoy our talks.
Those annoying guys that like every girls picture on facebook..
first thing I heard on the radio this morning: #whiteybulger captured in Cali. they were playing Jack Nicholson clip "I smell a rat"
RT when some1 annoys u it takes 42 muscles to frown, but it only takes 4 muscles to extend ur arm out and smack'em in the head
Sheamus wins with a brutal Brouge Kick
#Rams pick of Isaiah Pead makes sense. They need young, quick back with speedy, fresh legs to spell Steven Jackson.
hahah why not.
no regrets.
didnt think that was possible haha but i guess now it is lol
Join winemaker Art Podniesinski, of "The Intern" and "The Art Of" wines at Thief Wine (400 N Water St) tonight from 5:30-7 for a...
At the Comet. Come drink with me.
with at getting incredible help from #volunteers working together to assist in
looks like my alarm. Lol
pretty great info. there's a website called www.spokeo.com that can find where you live. it's quite controversial.
mehhhhhh me too.
Happy Fourth of July from the Silverwood Team!
ppl from the fake borough are not allowed to have opinions :) jk:)
I need a quirky catchphrase to really establish myself as a white guy
you moved on :(
Just walked an hour and half in 20 degrees for Copenhagen and Jim Beam...just like our ancestors used to do
do you have constipation and the dry heaves???
s/o my new follower
hahahahaha for you nate jones, we'll pay you whatever you want
Chuggin this pop like there's no tomorrow
Haha How Long Have You Had A Twitter?
el caminos are definitely cooler than rancheros, but why does one need a station wagon with the back cut off?
Morning ❤ school time
Hey fans we have 2 seats open for Sunday Antidote, the bidding will start at $15 See menu below.
whatever :p
ur name should be
So gucci mane and master p got a song together
Simply perfect.
burgers? lol when we go to the store on the 7th, veggie ones hahaha
good luck! Hope it works out for ya!
Ive that problem too! I often find myself late bc I am doing stuff am that I could have done when I'd time
I heard!! Tear gas, broken windows and all! Where are you?! Come say hi!!
yes it is! I am still laughing that u said that to the front desk lady bhhahahah
not a lot of peeps quote
Counting to ten.
Morning! "Our greatest challenge -- our greatest opportunity -- is found in these words: 'Choose ye this day...'" ~William Arthur Ward
Watch out San Miguel tonight I'm wit &
Of Course I do.Haters are people who are sad about them selves.Serena tell those haters off luv!Lol:]
That'd be quite the reading session, eh?
- Nice home products!
hahaha awe #ScrubScrubScrub =P J/k J/k
Don't worry, Moo is a very private cow. She won't be hanging around here much.
jeez there are smart people out there. Just saying. Merlin Mann, Patrick Rhone. Plus all those books I won't have time to read. Jeez
no ma'am “: Am I the only one that yells 'Charge!' at home??”
facebook vs twitter calories burned
#dying RT : Atrest looking crazy as fuck with that old white chap train conductor hat
What creative plans do you have for the weekend?
I want to Down-Grade my Phonee, All this Android shit gets on my Nerves. >.<
Jus leaving "The Green Hornet", more entertaining than I expected with the horrible reviews it has been getting.
I can't believe he has not been fired either. Why are you moving to Nashville?
u don't think he can rap?
Following Michael!
TONIGHT join me at Cinema Paradiso at 6:30pm to see Forks Over Knives on the big screen and also a vegan cooking lesson! Grab something...
Absorbing a scientific theory based on quantum physics, reconciling religious concepts like soul, Resurrection, purgatory and reincarnation.
Somewhere. I'll send them your way this week.
Wrote a poem yesterday for the writersdigest chapbook challenge...yeah baby I'm so proud of me
Dont let up in ur club house.Brew Crew Only!
Thanks Jocelyn. I feel fancy. LOL!
Thanks for making me believe in my self And to say never say never! I love you ;)
i enjoyed the video, i hope you do bar mitzvahs
I think I may have broken the TV remote when I threw it last night.
“: Hey watch it. This is a family show. RT : Good to know I'm in the sexy group as a right thumber #VASHRM12” PG-13 here
That burst of happiness.<3
Now it's Thea (M) on a powerjam (Rotties jammer in bin), waiting to see just how much she can capitalize
Convenient friends, I dont even need you phonies, so get lost.
y'all scared to go to bongos 2maro night
Happy New Year to you all from us at Liberty Telegraph! Be Safe!
Packing... jamming to some Fiona Apple... one more show tonight in #Denver showtime 7pm.. flying back to #LA at 7am!
Ah yes, I love my family and friends but and I PRAYED for "no's"!
#227&motherfuckingcounting! Watching Henry come & do what he does was the best high any Gooner can experience. #spursbarca&therestcanblowme!
so where you from?
Had a great day 2day and was told I was beautiful so had a fabulous day
I dunno. I don't mind all the new stuff, but I'm a minimalist. Plus, that's just Nike's look right now. Hats are a +
#MJtrial Defense came out swinging today telling jury, this is not a reality show, it's reality. However, probably too little, too late.
Is there an adjustment to PER for April basketball?
Im soo lazy ; I don't want to go to the bathroom..
The Heat = unbeatable. Lebron will close out the big games in the 4th quarter w/ late game heroics, ending all doubts re: confidence
you have no idea...I can only sleep at night if I imagine it's voice sounding like Antonio Banderas.
New Capitalizer!!! You can thank Pam for telling us about you! Follow back!
Haha. I suppose that's true. But fired? For on time? Tough crowd is all :)
Aw crap, I'm a day late! And just I had my 2nd cock installed and everything! DAMMIT
That awkward moment when your neighbor's pot smell seeps into your bathroom through the window.
#loserstatus !!!!!!! haha ok ill talk to u later Mandy is out her so ya
Refused and ATDI? I wish I could go this year.
After all they've went through this season this team deserves to win the FA cup. They were the best team today no doubt
For wa?:o RT ": Tickets for $4 ^_^ Tell me if you want some :)"
Gonna go wash my dog then take him walking.!<3
already? What happened? I'm looking for one too...
God does not define your life on what you have done, he difines your life on who you are.
Protesters blocking roads & bus routes & causing traffic delays for Philadelphians in Center City. Plan for delays. #There'sABetterWay
Red shirts on Star Trek. We knew they'd die :).
Looking for great urban shots of Lyon! Email ASAP if you have anything!
definitely must be Oreo.
#SAForum2012 There is need to stimulate product oriented innovations in Africa
For the wheels still in spin and there's no tellin who its namin. For the loser now, will be later to win. For the times they are a changin'
Happy Mothers Day all mothers out there thank you for all your support #Love, #Care we owe you our lives because without you there is no us
omg ur so gorgeous!!!!
Belieber <3 I Am What I Am.
you too! Sorry somehow this just popped up now. Maybe next year we will be closer. Decent show despite the game!
Why are you single?
#iReallyHateWhen the guy you have a crush on seems to make you feel invisible, without even trying
Good Morning.
You doing OK?
i fucking love march
Sitting Pulled over for not wearing a seatbelt
Alright I need to get off my phone and focus
Camilla Wilcox associated with Reynolda since 1970! (I think she knows us well.)
listening to She off the 'Rewind That' album...so nice!!!
Love me and the world is mine. - David Reed
and then an absurd technical grindcore thing: spotify:album:20xS1gMW12PSrdcuXqv6al
Wine vocab word today: bouquet.The bouquet refers to the scent a wine acquires with aging in oak and in the bottle.
GOT ME WATCHING ;)
well didnt think we'd sweep this series. So 2 out of 3 is good work against a team with a winning record
What the fudge is goin on, my head hurts & ankles r swollen...Dang~e, please not again, not yet..
I just gave up
Tea, popcorn with Parmesan, and the notebook❤
I have the Starlight Run in 1 month and I am so not ready.
Hm. What kind of treats? Worth missing a mid day hockey game?
Funny when on tour I meet a local the day of gig that acts very interested in my music only to say "I'll come hear U next time I'm in NY!"
what up fam
Pantalones en fuego. You were only awake for half of that game.
Send in your pictures of your flow now! So we can check out whats out there..
You are in for a treat. Samoa's or whatever they are called are my FAV!
i actually didn't forget, i almost did. get chya facts straight
me too. But by next Mon. the #NMSkiSwap will be over and 5000+ folks will have scored some great deals on great gear.
Margaritas ante Porcos => Pearls before swine
“: Just heard "pretty eyes" by & its amazing. #truetalent! ❤💜💙” ILY! We seriously need to record a song together
I'm confused...how do you walk a parrot? And yes, I googled it. :)
YOUR PHONE. Hahaha true
So with that said, tomorrow I'm gonna have hubby dig holes for my rose bush & yuccas. I can plant the other plants myself. It's on now!
Just left the video shoot about to go get ready for gonna be a movie so I need 2 look like a ✨🌟✨
T-Minus 1 hour until Red Bull X-Fighters Dubai premiers on NBC Sports !!
we would but me and Olivia gotta go gambling again at the casinos... we are addicted.
Lucky Brad :)
I WANNA BE YOUR BOYFRIEND ALANNAH !
Life is complicated
The things you make me wanna do... I'd rob a quickie mart for you. <3
I do.
Congrats on the Big win tonight!! , , ,
I see that.
My favorite day RT :
I'll be interested if you find one though.
You can steer yourself in any direction you choose
I share the same last name except that I spell it with 2 F's Heffner
Punch Twitter. RT : Twitter wants me to follow Carlos Mencia. What should I do?
Studying machine psychology today. At what point does an AI become autistic or a savant? Do all computers have OCD? Interesting questions...
There are some drunk people here.
Please welcome VisitAyrshire to the Max life
Can Tech Companies Continue To Innovate With No Women At The Table?
I am dropping knowledge in my tweets.
I wanna know but I don't think I can handle the answer...
Twitter deleted like 40 of my tweets smh
Oh we would LOVE that! After our event on May 18th, let's chat!
Bonus Bachmannism: "We're the king daddy dogs when it comes to energy." - Michele Bachmann
no manda, i hate u will all my heart cause ur a whoree ! Justt kidding (:
u shut up u up here trya sing
I understand. Dont try that tweet again. Im amfraid you'll hurt yourself. :)
I'm back on track! Starting workouts again today. Stress tst next Thurs.
Mark.It.Down. #GatorNation RT : 117 Days until #florida kicks off it's football season!
playing at Havana Central.
winning!!! Hope you're having fun in ATL!
() one more! Medium Rare in Cleveland Park. ONLY serves steak frites. will love.
"What makes us human?"
Thank you to all of our Extras at today's commercial shoot! We can't thank you all enough! Hope you had fun, we sure did!
There is an obedience part 2 listening and I think we are often unwilling to do that
Best Reactions To You Have AIDS- Fucking Obama.
Give Cody more time. He knows how Hollywood works & when to put things out. He will when he's ready. You'll see
My heart aches for
The only time I get happy is when I got a pocket full of money,weed n my system, n a shorty on my lap that's ready to please a nigga
Cymbalta is one of the things I'll ask my Dr. about, since it's approved to treat musculoskeletal pain.
I hear ya; my job is like that too. At the same time, I also kind of covet yours. Is it inappropriate to say that on Twitter?
Reading #obamabusnames and laughing uncontrollably
Working out while Craigslisting for jobs.
Should death and dying be discussed with young people early in life?
FUCK why am i not sleeping #regrettingthisalready 😣
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here's my number now call me maybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle #BoyzCallMeMaybe (:
I could talk to you all night.
Happy Easter , && Enjoy your day ( ;
STRIP CLUB KILLA
: i will never be the kind of women that changes who i am make a man happy
BOWL HI LANES in Huntley tonight and Tomorrow night for the 4th Annual COUNTRY CARES FOR ST. JUDES KIDS benefit! Only $20
Pool with me, myself and I. Just the way I like it! :)
I want to man. Right now I'm for sure coming at end of summer. Might be able to sneak in a wknd before then though.
Was that really an earthquake in the Baltimore area, or was it just Brandon McKinney arriving?
Thank you for participating in #MamasDay2012! Can't wait see what you've prepped!
i found the 6th episode! I can't find the 7th yet:( did you finish up to five?!
RT : Only 3 provisional ballots left to count. Mark Mitchell wins!
I have to rearrangemy bedroom this weekend and clean
This bottle of vodka weeped openly, too.
be ready by 8:15 :* & remember dress pretty!
would so love to serve and please you mrs sandie
Tough call?!? That was a CRIME! Had the correct call been made, Giants win, series over. Giants still win series w/no Lincecum
Thanks for this, Paul!!
Another docs apt at 10:45 in the morn...
Any Food Network fans out there? What year was the popular cable channel launched? A. 1993 B. 1998 C. 2003
That show sucks. #justsayin RT : West coast- Tune in NOW for a new #first48 followed by #first48missingpersons at 10pm PST
I hope I dont
#CES is kicking off! Excited to see how #3d is changing the game. RT for chance to win free #3dmobile brand consultation!
RT Above all, love each other deeply, because love covers over a multitude of sins. -1Peter 4:8
I NEED YOU...PROFESSIONALLY. Call me, will inbox you.
Enough with the Bootstrap sites already. Hacker news is overflowing with them..
Oregon Ducks tennis preparing to smash UCSB tennis this weekend, we betting on this?!
dude yes. I was riding behind him and saw it. Crazy
8. Ice Cream Paint Job = A very nice paint job and well done interior seating
Show your support by encouraging your followers to vote at www.capitalonebowl.com!
#GirlsShould buy him flowers.
I had the misfortune once and I had run out of ginger ale. Had grape juice (not grape drink) fake stuff won't work.
Ice cream time yet ? :P
I want to say thanks for the excellent resources you pass along. I actually READ (and not skim) most things that come from you.
Last class of the day
presentation today :/
Don't let anything hold you back from accomplishing your dreams. Take it from me, it can be done.
Happy Tuesday!
Derrick Rose is shooting 41 percent since the all star break. Lebron has shot 58 percent. Rose has been great, but not MVP
Any recommendations for the best thrift store for furniture in #ROC?
About time for some retail therapy action...
Studio mixes, dance rehearsal, scheduling meetings... all in a days work!
RT : #NoKidHungry Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has pledged to make his state the first to end childhood hunger.
Nope. I want a cat.
Only as many as I could try when I was there in Apr. I was partial to "my" corner bakery on Rue de Mezieres & Rennes in 6th Arr
is sounding awesome, as always.
I see your genitalia, and I raise you DILDO DILDO DILDO
Thanks 4 following! :-)
lol I don't have an iphone
Doors open in an hour with all your favorite Happy Hour Specials & friendly faces. Cheers to the weekend! #ThursdayCountsRight???
6. The Big Bang Theory (CBS) 7. House (Fox) 8. Castle (ABC) 9. Criminal Minds (CBS) 10. Dexter (Showtime
need one of what?
mine too bro fuuuck -.-
thanks for following , following back , i shall add you on facebook?..
RT : My bad. What was I thinking? < THINKING? That offends my political sensibilities even more.
it's for the battle of the bands :P
Canada is awesome!!!!!!!
People always said I liked to explore, but I bet they never thought I'd find 7 Blow Up Dolls in Saints Row: The Third.
Got . Thanks so much for coming!
What are you talking about, ?
Oo come on denver
First day of classes at my new job. Sending well wishes to all who are beginning their fall semester!
welp.... get up n be productive silly
Happy Birthday to the best PG in the country from members of the BBN in Dallas.
AND BALLS THAT FUCKING HATE YOU FOR ALL ITS WORTH
I sure wish I could be there, but I know it's gonna be a great experience!!!
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
how cool! i am just so happy for you, great post for your special day too <3
I'm sorry i'm not what you wanted.
Cute toddlers at IKEA are a dime a dozen.
RT Is the French Toast at the next table... Is it FLIRTING with me? Focus on your dining patron, you syrupy breakfast slut!
Do you have any midwest dates?
Sounds fantastic! RT : Fabu way to do Baltimore (w/ kids): snack , sharks , fiddlehead ferns &...
I'll see you there too! Woohoo! OMG~ I can't wait until next April tho. that's too long! D;
"Put the gun away, before you fucking kill somebody! Where did you get that shit?!" "It's my mom's!" -Cheddar Bob #8Mile hahahah
Thank you for following me!!
Did you get rid of those Coachella passes?
This is annoying, Somebody better stop this freaken bastard
Competing between different domains: Cognitive Domain, Affective D, and Experiential D. Ask Dr. Chris Renda. Fascinating!
American troops in the camps north of Boston have started to mobilize.
ah.....just got home.....3rd night that i went out.....round 4 tonight!!...wednesday night!!...its like my cash is never ending!!
Tutti Frutti and I go back a long way.
Creativity limits ability and ability limits creativity.
I'm ready!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
thanks for helping bring the MVP's together. And perfect location for it just down the street from my work.
HELP SUPPORT OUR MUSIC PLEASE LIKE OUR PAGE PLEASE FOLLOW US ON TWITTER THANK YOU ALL ND WE LOVE YALL!!!!
okay! im back on! who wants to talk?! :)
Hey purdue peeps! Free yoga on tues/thurs at purdue mall/haas lawn
TGIF!! Stop on by our online store to see our injectible tanning - tan from the inside out with no harmful UV rays www.shop.lasvegashcg.com
no its a juco we are goin D1 out of that school after our freshman year at Norfolk State. we gonna develop our game and bodies
I <3 henhouse! RT: : Just had the BEST fried chicken w/a banana waffle that I would slap your moms for. Thanx
Thank you very much. I'm glad you like it
It's only been a week since I refilled my growler, and already I'm almost out of South Cider. So good!
exactly my feelings!
would u plzz follow me? Im a huge fan <3
dude you gotta hear it! Words can NOT describe...
nigga i have liked the knicks since i was a kid so stfu!! I had a knicks a'mare jersey before the melo one dumass!!
Never let you go oh oh oh oh. 🎶
THANKS FOR BEING MY 500th FOLLOWER, Thanks to everyone that follows me
They aren't anywhere close to Nicks and Cruz. I have to set a trade deadline.
25 cats and #Bruce !!!
so nice finally meeting you!
Count it all joy...! Because even on the hardest of days, you're at least alive to see them through...
thanks! I do love Memorial Park, always someone to pace with or pretend I'm racing ;-)
I do not know for sure if they are, no! :( But I really hope they do!
Hard writing makes easy reading. Easy writing makes hard reading. -William Zinsser
Right as my mom ends treatment for esophageal cancer I learn I have GERD. Glad to know this now! HEARTBURN CAUSES CANCER!
They need to do something about this...
but, you're kinda pissing me off.
yes I will throat punch you for not behaving yourself. That is all.
Just tapped, Interurban IPA (replaces Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA)
First pitch --> last call. MT : Pat Burrell will throw out the first pitch prior to Tuesday's Phillies-Giants game at AT&T Park.
All New Tonight = Gossip Girl's 100th episode at 8 [The Wedding!] followed by Hart Of Dixie at 9 [Zoe's having awesome secret sex? Say wha?]
Also Wool, the Omnibus edition, by There's a library of sorts in there. And Swainston's *No Present Like Time*.
God has TRULY blessed me with patience in my life
ha. C'mon man. The Denver Nuggets took them to a game 7
what goes around comes around like a hula hoop
u being forced to move out of your hilltop castle = that wuld truly suck
Ashley Young, yes, but Rooney, no. Not a noted diver. He'll take it when it's available, but he's no Drogba. Not even close.
hit my line cuz
the energy the Mavs Fans have shown during the playoffs is amazing, let's keep it going wherever you're watching the game
lol I was seriously about tell you not to be the next "taken" last night when you were telling me about the hottie haha
I am following now. Nice to meet you on Twitter.
RT : I wonder what would happen if we truly believed we were worthy of love?
I love that ' guitar called 'Hitmaker' played on 's song 'Shady'. No wonder that song hit me as a hit. It's a HIT!
I like Alonso but this is a lot larger than him. School construction is abt reversing years of neglect of city kids.
Ah yes, you are mistaking us for the museums TNT event. We just film bands on the trolley all over town. Thanks for digging us!
On my own I generally have very messy hair, wear jeans and sneakers. -Jewel Kilcher
I live in Philadelphia now! Right now! HI!
Weird when you go to a game & cheer for the referee
"I'm not gonna lick your bacon." -, to me.
Guardian Title Holiday party tonight at Santos in Middleburg Hts.- amazing time! Thanks to all our beloved customers for making it possible!
Fasten your seatbelt for the next 5!
LOL - lets not even go to the second rule...
Just heard about a great internship opportunity relating to medical research in the Boston area.
The way you ignore me is cute af.
Have you been reading ESPN's predictions? haha. Nearly EVERY analyst said the same thing!
omg imma starting to like school.......... :S
I know the feeling man .. Not begin able to sleep right it the worst ..
No girl! Trying to get it like you. Proud of you!
Fear God
Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit, Without a arm I spit
Faith is deliberate confidence in the character of God whose ways you may not understand at the time.
On my way in a few minutes. First Time and I live in VA. lol
Make Sure you Follow Our Official Twitter
Just got a teacher to say I spank myself!
RentGaslamp.com now offering Fall rental specials
I just parked in the "expectant mother" parking spot to run into the package store... Nothing is right about this tweet!
This liking a guy thing is #Difficult. I think I just need to smoke a bowl on it.
Have a great time tonight! :) The box looks amazing! Great job!
Facebook Groups --> Pages --> Fans --> Recommend --> Like --> Follow Anyone else confused?
"Let your Soul Shine.. It's better than Moonshine, better than Sunshine, it's damn sure better than rain!" :)
The Garden is rocking just minutes before tip off at tonight's Celtics Mavericks game...I know it's about the Patriots this week...but hey..
Its a date not with you tho but with my boo Zayn :)
Hey and Bruce Beck - Lucasoil Stadium is empty. Please go to
wish i could dome with you TGOD <33 come back to milwaukee, you had it crazy at summerfest!
researching Psychology of Color :) Black, Lilac and Lime Green I'm thinkin...
hahaha I'm here!!
Gonna go download my fav band #falloutboy holler
Emergency chocolate is a very good idea right now, based on the texts I've been getting from #unbound. Also whiskey.
Linkedin grows by 2 members per second or 172,800 people per day ...
I DIDN'T SAY THAT! I HOPE YOU PASS :)
LOL -- my dad just bought the iPhone 4S. I have to help him set it up. God help me and God bless his dumb little heart lol
I eat like a baby because I have a tiny little stomach(YEAH...)
John p Kee real talk!
Leave that behind with the others in line.
10 more minutes
Dining at the Kennedy School this evening.
good I'm glad:) but I take it all back cuz u left ur fuckin applesauce in my car, as if it's not trashed enough already u bitch
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. ~ Ayn Rand
...or be allowed to wander in wax museums unescorted!
We don't grow unless we take risks. Any successful person is riddled with failures.
i think my mom heard me moan last night. ah!
If Bemis wants his money just give him his money.
wow guys.
thanks for the follow-happy tuesday!
#MyNextRelationship is gonna be free of trust issues.
The most important change for #Mifflin2012 is that you CANNOT go in the backyards of the houses on Mifflin without the resident's permission
people do too much and take twitter too serious
Article sums it up, I guess. RT : not yet (not in a place where I can add audio)
stay strong <3
Hey my mood went from good to bad in 3 seconds. Cool.
What is this Fanatic hat you speak of?
Why are we here
Let's go!! #Adele That's two for two!
Walls/Windows/Yard/Ways—by Larry Eigner & What We Talk about When We Talk about Anne Frank—by Nathan Englander -B. Byrd's
thanks for the follow - love music says we should all have a motivational song!!
In Puerto Rico and walking on a bed of hot coals... bustin barriers and lovin' life! LifePath Breakthrough VII!
My parents are creeping on my sister's friend. Lmao, I can't.
Have a Joyous Christmas and a happy prosperous 2012!
Why does 's paper shredder sound like an airplane taking off?
I'm still in bed ;)
you're adorable.
I think I might be sad too if a 31-year-old loved one died after being in a coma for 19 years.
anti-archival? Maybe if archives are only about storage. This article reminds me of Delete by Meyer-Schoenberger.
that made me smile :) it really did! Thankyou!
Wish I didn't have to work today so I could go to #dayglow. I guess I'll just watch from across the street.
I have a conflict on that date. Disappointed I can't attend. Will there be another opportunity to follow-up and be involved?
Worst Hip-Hop Jobs: Jay-Z's Family Bodyguard, Weed Carriers, Nicki Minaj's Wig ... - The BoomBox
Rabbits don't lay eggs.
Anyone ever notice that stand-up comics are deeply, deeply wounded people? This is in line with my theory that all clowns are sad clowns.
Thanks for making #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! You have made the Holidays warn! <3 youu
“: Dunked but didn't know what to do when I got up there. So I let go and fell hard ..... #oops” i just read this again and lol'd
Watching someone get a tattoo. I don't think I could get one. But they're cool.
shame on you #Obama how CAN u appeal to the female gender? ;-)
totally stoked to see the season premier of #DoctorWho tonight! The Doctor comes to America--can't wait to see him sporting a Stetson!
Well, it wasn't me. I'm curious about the cause.
Have youu experienced the Legendary Zucchini?
Sandal weather >>
Hey! guess who's on today!!! :D
Every dollar spent on substance abuse treatment saves $7-$9 in other system costs. How are treatment providers rewarded in IL? Budget cuts.
Every ounce of me wants to steal this guys iced coffee
Saw Think Like A Man. Very impressed with the entire cast and especially the writing/directing. Tim Story is on my radar!
In my cozy bed....night night 3 days till vegas yay <3
Hasbro already did a movie on Monopoly. It was called Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room.
It has been a fun run but now I'm an official active of BYX!
thanx so much!!
Thank you ma'am, the #work is real.
thank you! I'm now following them all!
uh thats what I said
Why do so few men end up in Heaven?They never stop to ask directions.
Wat will happen to my mommy or my baby Sis 
how was it???
not much; a door guy treated me poorly but I figure there are too many bars to keep going to ones that do that sort of thing
Never been so annoyed !
Ooh, & Flying Saucer Attack: Further, Lilys: In the Presence of Nothing, first Verve album, if that counts, Telescopes: Taste
Coroner: Whitney Houston was a chronic cocaine user who had the drug in her system when she drowned in a hotel bathtub.
People still send e-mails? RT : Estimated Number Of Emails Sent Today: 322,895,838,520.
Studio time.
please follow me !
It that what that meant? I thought the light was broken...
One of my bosses, a grown professional man, is yelling "I'M ON THE EDGE... OF GLORY!" at random intervals from his office. Love.
Oh Long Johnson!
"Have you ever noticed that if you rearranged the letters in mother in law, they come out to Woman Hitler?"
oh wait that was the second video that was recorded for the song my bad
you only have 6 students this summer?
Really frustrated with now, misled (if not blatently lied to) by "customer service" at bunch of times. Horrible service.
With , off to dinner tonight, then a Sherlock Holmes preview sponsored by PBS & Poisoned Pen Bookstore.
Lucy Liu in a new show? Say word. With her fly Asian self.
RT : That's Michigan's first lead over Ohio since Nov. 17, 2007
thanks.. haha was about to have an brain hemorrhage if I saw DU go by one more time and not know what it was... GOOD LUCK!
Drag Me to Hell sucked? Oh no. We're only going to one movie this year - that was going to be it.
Reason no 1126 I miss living in the Quarter:the closet bodega to me is the Boot store. #Fail #NOLA I miss the Nelly Deli
It's as much of a lock as the Pistons not making the playoffs hahaha jk
I just stumbled into your path. This is really interesting. Where can I purchase published copies about the declaration signers?
Fine tuning this reliance on emotional reaction and creating a new reality in the moment is what professional Meisner acting classes are...
Im having a good weekend do far
M! Egg-in-the-basket cooked in coconut oil may be my new fav b'fast. Thanks for suggestions to cook with it.
how was your day.!?
Also missed the fact that RDJ was tebowing before he went out to present with Gwyneth Paltrow ha!
Damn. I swear every time I see you, I fall even more in love.
Hey buster.. is giving up Felix hern. For kevin youkilis jake peavy and Johann Santana good or bad?
- Don't be an apple cyborg!
Damn Auto Correct. Smh
I am encouraged because I meet more and more compassionate fathers every day!
Lots of amazing content at the Yahoo! Global Sales Conference. Wait till you see what's coming out soon.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
Your hair is a "a-mah-zing" to quote Penny from "Happy Endings."
um you guys aren't talking about the schticky, are you?! WANT!!!!! Plus the informercial's mug shot scene is redic..
Gotta watch my pimping I be going too hard ;)
About to sit down at Sticky Lips while drinking the first Kind off the line. We are live here! Get your drink on.
#FF Must follow where ever you live! ->
updateing my art www.valeriebrownart.com check out it sweethearts and sign on to my VIP list for updates
Luv that area! Hit up 4 Queens and the brewery!!
Today I realized I be illling ;)
Is today Children's day in US too?
love the "☼" in your description :D hehe
Congrats on finishing the GMAT! Which business schools are you considering?
positive thoughts get positive results
merry christmas, everyone!
good to see you back :-) we missed you!!!
Hit a speed bump in #SOCCER already corrected the situation and won todday, the ROI on all bets in April over 70 percent now on to #MAY :-)
They make me so tired!
Rasta Smiley Sweatshirt – Have a Nice Jay Hoodie
Isn't the avatar a slightly different shading of same pic? LOL...regardless, I volunteer to switch, later tonight.
Drive slow and enjoy the scenery -- drive fast and join the scenery. -Doug Horton
Its a Coldplay, Maroon 5, and Fray kind of night. Fix you=
#FF , though 80% of my followers are probably already following her \(-.-)/ yay haha
tired and deletintg friends from my other pages list.. wat kind of cake
Chicken Scratches vs. Electronic Prescriptions - New York Times
Quoting my manager: "I was going to join twitter but I don't have time for that s*!t!"
" thank you!!!! "so as usual I win at life" - CLASSIC RIPI" haha TRUUUU =)
I was looking at ep 2, the pic on the in KW house when he is holding the book and its raining looks so creepy to me
So nice to be in
We in the store my sister know every body
welcome back (to Newark at least)
I aint been on twitter at all today
#MichaelLee is the best in the business!
you don't smell bad, I love you???
is seeking a strong candidate in #NY with experience to fill a position within the Insurance Practice Area as a Topic Specialist.
rihanna just boosted chris browns career and killed hers in the process... why? Yes u both are dope artists but R looked desperate..oh well
These Kobe system commercials are hilarious.
RT : Oh, and big ups to the #WeAreFNX tag. Let's put that on everything.
#1BU looks like a measurement of somr sort.
Come see The Bellmen during #SXSW for the best time of your life.
": "Aim for the bushes!" RT:Why on earth did you and jump off that building in 'The Other Guys'?"
Indian Classical Dance - Odissi Dance Performance with Shefali Shah, at the La Pena Cultural Center, Berkeley, Sat, December 4, 8pm
that wasn't a mistake! that was like the best idea we ever had!!
dreams of sugar plums danced in my head? More like dreams of sharing a bottle of St. Francis with Peyton Manning.
tracks sound dope mixed down man. can't wait for the album.
U have got to be fucking kidding me! Come on
Michael Ytterberg, #LEED AP Certified Principal at BLTa with be participating in a panel at the MFE Conference. Check it out!
thats why I make the mediocre bucks buddy! ;) haha
I hate when i get big headaches
Those are some keepers right there! :)
I haven't seen night time since Saturday.
The weekend is HERE Boston! Come down to Jillians and get your BOWL ON!
i'm usually not a fan of northern accents, but I really dig Boston accents. I'd like to visit there one day.
the thing olivia did in the wherehouse. Man, that was awesome!
Morning runs :)
Congrats to our FB photo contest winner, Erin! Look out for a special Twitter contest coming this week w/ sweet prizes from
The messenger of bad news isn’t the problem. Correct the problem & make changes or your competition will replace you. SeanLetwat
it had a positive influence for 3 weeks. Nothing has changed about Kony. So it had close to no influence at all
*fingers crossed* I hope they say yes
Stoudemire needs to demand the ball.
me too... been awake but hadn't 'fired up my twitter machine' yet! hehe! Have a great day, Jay!
Good food. Terrible service. Food MAY be worth dealing with the service, but its close....
I love this. wish there was free music in downtown 'burgh everyday.
Lita Ford and Lemmy are NOT reasons I bought this 55" HDTV
Thats cause you get the free flights I am going to have to hook out and
Take it to the head
When a girl says "Whatever...", she really means; I hope you get shot, fall off a bridge, get raped by a shark, and then eaten by it.
President Barbara Leonard of #The #Links, Inc is opening the ceremony and is we can't find our dignitaries...lol
im on their lol
thanks and likewise!
Watching my favorite movie TROY
RIP Carroll Shelby. We wouldn't have the car culture we do today without you. Light em up in heaven, boys.
my weakest point is relationship
Re: #Oprah's Lifeclass So glad to see you, hear you, feel you. You are the DYNAMIC Duo!.
you have banner designs downtown?
ur tweets are always classic!!
Now , I Don't Know . But It Started Cause His Ex Tia Commented On The Picture Of Us & We Were Both Being Immature , But I
I have to watch my lil bro today but hey I get $20 for it
i follow you by Nicole Leska
": #BoyzCallMeMaybe #CallMeMaybeIBStyle"yeah call me maybe (;
RT : "Oh my goodness, so much sausage" - Chef Nick Musser at
To all the women. Happy International Women's Day!
it'll be okay..
We can always make a quick edit, you know...
I feel like i got punched in the chest.
We meet again my friend. Go #Pack Go! RT : I never like you
you should just say YOU're TIRED replying to our tweets..:(
The urban dictionary offers "firecrotch" as an acceptable alternative. I think I've heard Conan O'brien call himself that
what team(s)?
. sorry, i didnt mean its just fat, only that it taste & feels just like the fat on a well prepared steak... its fatty duck liver
Excellent! But that means you're wicked old, Randy (jk). Wake has been one of my favorite #redsox since '95 (I'm old too)
Text E to 66333
What the hell is a 'luxer'? We get it. Lux is a cute 8 month old. No need to obsess over her.
Who you pulling for tonight? I'm for COTTO!!
Looking forward to hearing from you at 8:05 on Packer Transplants. (646) 797-2909.
I GOT THE MO VES LIKE JAGGGER !
Next up at
good start for the
You are ONE IDEA away from being a millionaire! Pray for your MIND (thoughts & ideas) ~ Bishop T. D. Jakes (Today's Message)
- great meeting you in our SD office yesterday! Hope you had a good flight back.
i can see your bra...
awesome! We have work nights every Tuesday from 6-9pm until the event. Could you join us next Tues? 415 NW 7th
Life is good
Where should I be right now? #sundance. Le sigh.
Hey, so make sure you wake me up at 5:45 am cause I wanna get in a early bike ride in! I'm depending on you! :)
Looking forward to your #spring #golf vacation recommendations in the Highlands!
I don't feel like doing my math homework ;-;
did anyone get that fefe song? i like it .. .some of it reminds me of bob airplanes and also ftsk's hip hop chick??
What? Now I gotta buy candy for 37 students? Ha! Ok, ok.
Yea. Where is halfway
RT : Breaking: Protests have erupted in #Tehran, let us see the role of social networking this time around.
RT if your praying for the Innocent people who died on 9/11 #911tribute :'(
follow us! Keep up the great work!
And Blaine Gabbert's finally going to get someone to throw to.
Is this est?? Thanks!
I LOVE this app...I've searched and searched for something this simple. Great job!
RT : No way. It's Pi Day AND Albert Einstein's birthday?!? They should just designate today as International Math Geek Day!
if you Foollow Me I Would Be The Happiest Angel Ever Just That Feeling Of Knowing That Out Of Everyone Else YOU Noticed ME!<333
Thanks friend. I read your bullying piece today and couldn't comment yet. Too emotional still.
Burnett: I love eminem! Blonde: The candy m&m?:Burnett: No the rapper.! Blonde: Ew why would you love the wrapper?!!! haha
Just scored another A-List Interview for our Debut Issue. LOVE this job! Love it!!!
Monday night happy hour starts...now!
For those who like me, raise your hand. For those who don't, raise your standards.
Banana, mike ditka, and a narwhal with frankenstein on the dance floor.
great deals! :)
2012 National Flood Safety Awareness Week/Charlotte NC
LOL you should have been at work today SO MISSED YA..laughed our asses off and I got hurt lol AGAIN
This weeks going by so slow.:/
thanks coach, I will email you the flyer Monday
DOUBLE PLAY!!! Andy is back!!
Auburn has the best fans in the country.
:O I'M SO CONFUSED
Work hard to get what you like, otherwise you will be forced to like what you get O_o
u have to follow me again it wont let me inbox
#wigan #conspiracy wow
Thank you, Mike!
“: 2 full days left. I got thissa”
will do :)
follow me back pleasse !
ASU scores another on a bases loaded walk. lead 7-2 after 6.
omg. that chickfila was so good. I was starving.
Good morning!! Hope you have a very blessed day! :)
Hahahaha oh god send me that
ill be there:D
*blushyface* Thank you!!
As Stephanie Tanner would say, "How rude!"
you can say some real cold shit, but if you sound lame sayin it, ain't nobody gon wanna hear it, thats why Fabolous suck to me lol
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on. The last thing he needs is a spam.
He will save the steam for when...er, "if" Lebron ever wins a ring. MVP's sans a ring means very little.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been nice all season up until now with this questionable loss
omg. That is beyond awesome!!!!!
Happy Valentine's Day you sweet thing!
Click austin mahone.... vote.... refresh. repeat.
what is your concern? just curious.
You only want whats real you just never found it
I’m feeling better now that it’s May – less than 90 days to Training Camp, and then preseason games.
don't rt me without following my gay stupid maid who woke me up this morning, also fuck ungrateful bums and Mexican laborers
Thank you! Appreciate the support!
thanks for the
My studio is almost unpacked and set up. Really excited for it to be all done!
I'm not even at school yet and I'm ready to go home
Wake up sleeping people-check. Jersey on-check. Coffee brewing-check. We are ready to go. Come on Chelsea!!! Lets do this Blues!!!!!
Join us for Happy Hour! You still have an hour left! $3 draft beers!
Is it bad that when you say "blizzard" the only thing that comes to my mind is Dairy Queen? #YesI'mFromTexas
rocks! They utilize Videotel for our VP68, VP70 and VP77 for their awesome exhibits in San Diego, CA.
Awesome job Rangers!!!
Will do!
wuts up my g
It'll just revive as a more bitchy tuesday...
I might play on my best friends softball team!
Putin Pregnant With Gossip
NYC B&H Electronics caters to Portugese Speaking Brasilian Clients and Their Special Needs
I know! Thought for sure he was going to bite it on the road. Or hit the car!
Spencer and Emily is trending...WOW
So blessed to have so many amazing individuals in my life. difficult day losing a loved one, but unknowingly they kept my spirits up.
Lol people really know how to irritate me <.<
Follow me pleasee . ?! :)
New Years Eve hosted by The Swinging Richards and DJ Malone only $10 general admission includes party favors!
Been a tough year for Fairfax-Hollywood area folks. First the carsonist fires, now floods. Look out for locusts come August.
Listening to a panel on "what's working in social media in sports" at the IMG Sports Sponsorship conf. Twit me ques/comments to ask them!
Glad you said it! RT : Shut da hell up RT : I'd rather stay friends with benefits until we're ready.
Cannot continue to watch the news out of #Syria. Get Assad out of there now.
Iraqi woman beaten in Calif.; threat note at scene via
You Only Live Once , so live life to the fullest. you never know whats gonna happen next.
Only lobbying when talking to law makers and their proxy.
Webpass ... I want you.
are you guys watching a girls night movie on exotic meat night?
yep, condo in shirly and work at Braddock Road metro.
Oh, I guess DSK is a shameless sexual predator after all.
Maybe Apple should buy Facebook. They have enough money.
In same talk he also showed a grid for how he distributed collectibles in The Simpsons Game. He makes everything look good.
Listening to Some Nights by Fun. and find the lead singers voice to be strangely reminiscent of Freddie Mercury's...which means, I like it!
hey #drupal folks - what's your favorite irc client for mac?
What's the best iPad app for #Pinterest?
I know and you are welcome
I can't wait! Lomille is my favorite storyline :) I think you are both hilarious!
Nope, he sure the hell doesn't!! lol I would have loved to go on any of the naval ships esp the haunted one!! lol
RT : Happy Friday!
are those your famous rice krispie treats?
I wish The CW would put on a new family drama. What is wrong with family?
We had on the same shirt today!!!! Yay!!!! :)
There are some kids walking a donkey down Silver Spring Drive. I'm going to pretend this is normal.
Thick in the head, or thick everywhere else?
DID YOU KNOW SHES SO FAT THAT SHE CANT RUN?
can you please follow me :)
Thanks Rhonda! I will do my best. :-)
new Celtic away kit is bad ass. All black with hoops
oh my! pic to prove it!
Lol, okay but you have to tell him u dont care tomorrow or i can give you his email to email him
woman .NO.19 chemicalclass examination paper .Chemistry teacher ...
Instead of trying to prevent gays from marrying maybe we should worry about the nationl debt and people who are out of work.
On the bright side, maybe the Rapture will give Democrats control of the South.
Insanity for my cardio day is in the books, now time for a cpl of mtngs, then psych homework to be done. Gotta love being productive :).
A: We do a lot of things with a lot of the free clinics, we're working with mayor's office on a project in Church Hill
i salute keep da movement going
thanks for the unfollow! Unfollowed back! ;)
aww :). Well these are just demos that we have and we won't have anything until we get in the studio soon! Stay put!!
One thing C&P data doesn't show: mailing address of vets receiving disability
I was totally astonished by Rise of the Planet of the Apes last night. How did I avoid seeing that incredible movie?
YES. YES. YES. YES.
Looking for a place to study? We have a business center available to reserve for study groups!
tweeps, i'm feeling uninspired when it comes to cooking this week. what cheap, healthy dishes do you recommend?
Thanks for keeping the draft somewhat suspenseful.
Something cool is coming out of Orpster in the next week. You will wanna see this.
An iPad! RT : Convinced Mom to buy her first laptop. Budget is 600. What PC should I get for her?
Is The Egyptian blu-ray any good?
We just broke 200 likes on Facebook!! New music this weekend!
check you out!!
Love muffins breads and cakes ? Swap out the flour and sugar , and add applesauce & oatmeal . It's a-mazing
You Unfollowed me ?
I wake up and smile everyday because of you I love you babe
im pretty sure i was talking about you.. But okaay
: How to grow in the #restaurant biz: teach well, communicate your vision, inspire your staff.
Cannot wait to see the save-the-dates! Hopefully this weekend! (though I already know they'll be perfect!!) So exciting!
coffee. food... need!
#GoTribe Fukudome....best last name in sports ever??
haha good shit. Same here, just been busy as fuck
aww shucks thanks!! We have to have more parties now!
because your always talking to them! Gtg bye!:(
lol maybe, but there is no cure
Ths is another area that mitt romney doesn't have a clue about.We would be in trouble if he were potus, to wishy washy.
#DominicanRepublic volunteer trip planning in full swing! We do it for those little superstars!!
: Hi Tim--r u free for dinner tonight?
Oh my!!! So cute! Incredible that there can be TWO of such cuteness!
Honey similar boat here...was going to crash early but if you want to go voice tomorrow....day or night you have my #
Worried about Social Security? Trust Jesus&live right& He will always take care of you.For I have never seen the [holy] begging bread. Bible
I used to keep a copy of my keys buried at a secret location nearby... somewhat nearby.
yeea.. Mr. Party animal 😏
Yea id keep hagelin on the 1st line to with 3 turnovers in the 1st period too
took the rest of the after noon off from work ; hopefully i feel ok by manana
Also, I <3 the messages I get at bar close ever so much.
happy birthday to Jesus!!
I feel SO horrible right now
I would read the shit out of that.
“If you can’t explain it simply, you don’t understand it well enough.” -Albert Einstein
HAPPY THANKS TO OUR PATRONS for coming out and supporting TWB at #NocheLatina. Hope you enjoyed the #pasion on stage, despite any cheese.
On the road to dallas!
Will do lol and send me some K as well and more users
Each of your landing pages should have a secondary pop-up window for upsales increased profits!
Why u won't to be fake I fuckin hate u
if one more tourist hits me in the head with an umbrella while taking up the entire sidewalk i'm going to start slapping.
KMSL u know dis frd but I'm found somebody soon no more running I found somebody she cool
Thanks Glenn. That is what I wanted. Any indication if we will see more of Geoff with the USMNT?
Yes at the Cheescake Factory, in honor of loosing all that weight!
definitely (or trying). So far, it's great! Lots of other folks are summing it too luckily
Omg omg omg I thought jeremy was dead
that would be the correct word..
Hey everyone! Due to a scheduling conflict, The Punk Show is postponed tonight. We'll let you know the reschedule date ASAP! Thanks!
I believe UK will get or Jefferson decides Tuesday, if he doesn't pull the trigger, I think Montrezl will.
wow your bennies suck lol crazy huh life is expensive sometimes lol
Nice day.
This is bullshit that I'm up already
Would any of my wine drinking tweeps be upset if I put an ice cube in my KoolAid, aka Beringer Zinfandel? Didn't think so.
caffeine is ok! Not quitting CHOCOLATE. It is something in the coffee oils. I had tea and chocolate. Still hurting.
Hi Tweeters!
we gonna find you
Rule #5 .. Show no love, love will get you killed '
you're welcome.
you still have time to get here.
My room is colder than the 9th circle of hell.
I'd say if Randle hangs around he's gotta be third pick.
See ya there!
Cool. We can come to that, too!! Call our friends at Canal Street Pub and pick a date.
We lost. Damn
No jersey, but sporting the SKC blue!
What happened to all the yucky strippers? I haven't gotten a follower in a few days?
Rehearsal Works, Friday
I saw the sexy sax man in an ad for vitamin water while watching basketball on a bar tv at the Chicago airport - hm
Kids on the bus, your celebrity impersonations are not clever.
going to a tournament at niagra falls!
I love my braids but I miss my bangs.
if he brings kanye out I'll cry, like no homo or anything but I would actually cry
Lol where's your music where's a least a short video don't hate on ur own state fuccin dumb ass wonder y Colorado ain't on the map
girls i respect
ugh I don't think so
Under the conditions of print literacy we had this idea of a single one true self which multiple identities online changes
this makes her the second trans from the show after Sonique. Wonder if she is transgendered or transsexual
hope you have alot of duct tape!
Merry Chiristmas!! My dear mother monster~~
I'll head there for an orange tomorrow!
Thanks for the follow!
oh yea
Phoenix Arizona is the best city I have seen in my life .
cheers my friend!
Looks good! Be sure to tell the now-jealous people in your life where you picked up that sweet garment. Thanks for ordering.
Help rally the community to drop off an Easter Basket 4 Please RT for ill & disadvantaged children thru/out the Vegas Valley.
I've read your poetry! That counts for something, right?
give me one!
I really need to stop eating so much..
I fucking hate today already. Today is gonna fucking suck. And you know what, I don't care if you don't like me using fuck a lot.
thank you
My revelation on creativity: What kind of imagination must God have to come up with the fine tuned instrument that is the human body?
Happy belated birthday, gorgeous! *kisses*
im pretty sure you always add some sort of emoticon to the end of your tweets but they always turn out like rectangles on my end
RT : WB Whitehurst Frwy/Disable auto blocking 1 lane/MPD on scene w/flares/brief delays/take M St as alt route/7066
Good morning everyone. Time for coffee and get this day going. This shitty cold rain needs to go as well.
The overhead shot of the bag looks like a vagina
It was super, and the wine = A+ RT : congrats to to a great event last night!! xo
RT if you think me and are a PERFECT COUPLE ♥♥
I got you too lol. On Wisconsin!
Congrats on makin the all stars! you deserve it and Happy Birthday!
Now needs to release a new album and kill it in #Minneapolis like they did in Feb. of 2011
As a leader what is the main part to help business to become successful in this globalization? Is it a dificult part?
That is a lie.
Awesome seeing my work on the w/ Ford Sync live on the big screen at
Grilled octopus with fregola, cucumber, watercress, red chile, almonds, fried lemon, & minted yogurt!
I lost my contact somewhere in my eye HELP!!!!!!!!!
#MyHeartDropsWhen you ignore all the sacrifices I'm making for you
I just did my whole math work sheet and understood the whole thing. Is this some kind of joke?
thanks we need all we can get,wanna make it great for them and what better way to do that than w/ the help of all lawlorffs rite?
it all depends on how long u want to wait! 4s is good...but earliest rumors on 5 have it coming in fall 2012
Awesome! Will check them out.
What's with the uh oh?
Dam this beat sounds 10x better than yesterday. Dope
You CHOOSE to. ;-)
So excited about our March 29 #EdTech Link event bringing together students, teachers, & technologists to reinvent #Baltimore. cc
#askwill did you know you're trending worldwide?
Sarah Vaughn is making this rainy day better.
Haha, celebs are going nuts. Halle went crazy on a photographer. QT : What?! Will Smith slapped a Ukrainian reporter
Golly... RT : Can't go wrong with Lavender DRY, especially paired with chocolate (& social media). Thank you for being so fantastic!
One little person, giving all of her time to peace, makes news. Many people, giving some of their time, can make history. Peace Pilgrim
Hey CP & Dtrain, it's sunny outside. You N.N.'s need to open the curtains. Hope we don't blow this lead.
YO RICKY. it would be pretty cool to hang out on my birthday (june 4th) just saying. :)
RT : October is National (eat more) Pork Month!
Just because I'm not talking to you, doesn't mean I'm not thinking about you.
It's not about being committed to charters, says It's about being committed to the reason for charters.
Who are You & Why are You FOLLOWING ME?
DEFINITELY....We have to keep these people out the whitehouse...and out of congress period...
'Janet,& Cynthia were teeing off, but Cynthia was taking Xtra long time...' READ ON! @> www.ICUGolfStories.com #Best Possible #Golf #Shot!
What's a pleasure watching all my 4 grandkids playing with each other.
Again I did not do my homework. :P i'm going to summer school. :P
Liverpool fightin for that 8th place EPL finish against Chelsea's B-squad
how've you been, its been a little while
Facts 1) Aguilar is on the council. 2) knew SOTC was scheduled 3) Left town anyways 4) not courteous to colleagues
Journey on the Today show!
Great game at the Pepsi Center! Avs up 4-1 in the 3rd over the #Devils!
Merry Christmas to u and your family. Enjoy your holidays. Eat a lot, fuck the diet! This is our last Christmas lol
My kids are so SPOILED!
“: sent u a text. U bout to holler! #uninterested?” screaming! My driver asked if I'm alright hah
Do you need Bedtime Tips for Parents of Children with Special Needs
um okay! whats something u hate bout girls
A film is – or should be – more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings –Stanley Kubrick
I swear im scared if everything that fly, crawl, hop, etc !
Thanks for the feedback. We're going to do wednesday next month too, so go RSVP :-)
No coffee, dairy, gluten or alcohol for the next few weeks. Am I loving or punishing myself?
ok :D tell me when your leaving
Happy Birthday!
Good luck! Don't stress too much! : Soccer tryouts later just hoping for that varsity spot
not to be missed. Pls come by. Like nothing you've ever seen, heard, or smelled (incense!) in a museum.
Point set match
Marble Doctors offers marble polishing, marble cleaning, marble care, marble restoration, marble floor care, marble repair.
Thanks for coming out to the event! Such an interesting chat, good to have you there. Looking forward to talking further!
Started a batch of cold brew coffee. Excited to see how it turns out.
kill me too plz
Fishers prom saturday, have fun guys!
responding to a freelance inquiry.
There he is... w/ Fred Jamerson
Thank U all for the follow! U guys are the best! :-) Have a fun weekend!
Thanks for the RTs!!
Responded to FIRE @ 22 Anderson Rd, Katonah, NY 10536. Red Cross auto update.
have a good nights sleep. No need to wake you up. Z z z z z
the Republican party, well, their backers, are literally raping the country for every last dollar. It amazing how truly *evil* these ppl are
Holla at me when ya hit up Milwaukee sometime. We can do lunch!
Worst. Day. Ever.
I'm a masterpiece created by the most high, what yall know bout that?!
I havnt seen a spider around the house in days, WTH r they planning!!!!!
Court?!? Take em to the bridge...
Lenny Wilkens, Don Nelson, Larry Brown, Isiah Thomas, Mike D'Antoni. Not much success w/ the 'big names'. Mike Woodson time...
The vice-president lost his job one month after hiring me, but I cannot say that there was a link between his dismissal and my existence.
So now the injury bug has bitten Carlos Gomez? #Brewers may have to hire a team exterminator.
Catching up on past episodes. Haven't seen them? Do it, do it ne-ow!
It wont work!!! Make a new one!! Im not the only one having this problem!
“#Imagine Vinny: i love you You: prove it. Shout it to the world Vinny: *whispers in your ear* i love you You: ? Vinny: you are my world.”
Well, clearly someone in the upper management at Netflix dropped out of their MBA program!
There's nothing like a deadline and the music of Brooklyn Rider to make the writing flow. (Thanks !)
no actually I didn't..I know about the abortion but., really that's about it..
Thank you to everyone who made DC & #g2e worth the 5 hour plane ride. See you at Gov 2.0 Summit
oh cool! I picked the wrong year to skip, sounds like. Glad to hear it went well for you guys.
Tell Yo New Followers To Follow Me
ManpritK love you too man. I probably will since I have my own money and ill make sure to get an id
follow and please :D x4
im actually SO proud of you for stepping in on the disney situation. you're an inspiration, keep speaking up girl <3
Running away like Zola - Times LIVE
you need to be a player in an active game to post scores (jmaqr)
lmao!!! now Chris it's going ta be aight, just take yo' meds get rested #BatAsylum then get your ass back
Read Nutritional Labels to help u measure correct serving sizes & avoid overeating.
now it let me.?? Well I tried yesterday while there was a #failwhale so thats prob whyy
Catching people in their own lies >
Man, i'm just trying to live life to the fullest. to do that, you got to be at your best...
Very true! RT : Free weights tend to bring more definition bc you use your stabilizing muscles to balance the weight
Watching a movie with my bebeh. <3. Then I'm gonna take a shower and head to bed. I lovee you Brian!! (:
no I won't be in town till feb. But I may work out a little road trip to visit you.
Nashville based, Roggg Woodruff, shooting in Huntsville Alabama
Aww i missed you guys.!;D <33
so happy now that my wifi finally works
thanks guys!
RT POR too much from the outside... Dre Miller and Bayless gotta get to that paint...
This kid pisses me off
How was everyones new year?!
Unions join #occupyMN movement, filling streets in downtown Mpls.
Location scouting all day today for a new spot with
welcome (again) to the Twitter-verse!!
Writing like it's my job! Oh wait, now it is :)
No upset at all. You deserved it! Congrats JMP!
6-4 so far on the day, Canucks playing now
RT : $0.50 from every South Bay Expressway trip today will be donated to Police Officers Assoc. fund for Officer Henwood's family.
“: #IfOnlyICould Tell you how I feel about you <3.” Ah. Yes... 
buy my shirt and i'll follow you 😏
did u get her number
follow your own phone
Just got a personal "thank you" note from the dean of our School of Business, complete with a smiley face stamp! Made my day ...
I feel like there's somethin wrong with ya phone
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
I needa hit the booth asap! i got alot to say on this new album
Ended up 6-2 tonight! 14-8 last 22 and 6-2 last 8 in MLB! Don't miss out on the hot streak! 7 picks Thursday for only $20! Email us act now!
DJ Kennedy is the worst MC name ever.
I wish I knew what it was like to have someone who actually cares about me & who truly loves me.
happy birthday!
When buying new clothes, choose those which can easily match your existing wardrobe collection.
your** sorry I'm lame and can't spell lol.
because you're cute, you're looking for someone to not know how much I love you, eh I wanted you to notice me for one more chance,
The successful person makes a habit of doing what the failing person doesn't like to do. - Thomas Edison
thank you beauty:-)
What kind of a Big East final is Cincinnati v. Louisville?
Nothin like a glass of chocolate milk in the morning
Saturdays are for yard work and napping.
I'm not afraid of the #unknown.. It's like my second address!
I KNOW, RIGHT? RT that shizz, I want to take notice.
did i see you in PetSmart on Friday? I think I did...people were ooooing and ahhhing, i told them i was better ::rolls eyes::
Day 2 over sleeping a bit...I'm thinking my body is ready for a tropical vacation next week.
Happy Easter! We are still waiting for our Fanzy winner to click on the link on their Fanzy page.Be sure to check your pages!
I'll be here until Sunday! I'm staying with a friend for the weekend!
do you gurl.
MOOSE LOUNGE IN LINDENHURST FRIDAY NIGHT! We go on at 9 be there!
#IfIWasDatingOneOfTheDirectionBoys it would be Niall . Because hes such a sweet heart (: And hes is kindhearted<3333
hey, I remember that line! King Priam said that to the retarded Paris lol Troy's like one of my favorite movies
I'm looking at them, and I'm not impressed. Also, the labor that creates those ipods is treated very poorly.
“: Mad #hipsters in banana republic right now, not a good vibe right now”......um aren't u there right now fuckin hipster
good mix and the right spices are key -- too many take watered down and flavorless.
This just in: Steve Guttenburg rocks the blond mullet in Don't Tell Her It's Me. No irony, just truth.
I think Im follower #2 RT: : -well I think I'm follower #274 :) welcome to Packer Nation!
"How u getting doe n u ain't got notn to blow, fuck outta here Joe blow"
- that news actually surprised me.
The PayPal issues w/ online voting are resolved & voting for your favorite Mrs, Miss & Miss Teen Int'l contestants has resumed!
13,000th tweet, holy cow. I'm going to use it to say that I love very much and your grandmother smells like moldy cheese.
So who do I need to contact about life being a choose your own adventure book?
done. Solid mocha helped perk up the unpacking. Looking forward to trailing 5yo on scooter down there often.
The DeWitt Law Review is live this Easter weekend. Give us a call at 1800-329-5858 to discuss how to buy distressed properties.
Tacos start now. Come down to olydias
You jumped off the grid as soon as I got back on. Self control does increase productivity exponentially
Shoe shopping with my girlfriend....HELP!!
My sister trys and kills herself every day bec of bullys this is to all bullys and chomos I WANT U TO DIE MOTHER FUCKER AND U NEED TO CHANGE
Ethnography and phenomenology as it pertains to the religious experience. My brain hurts. Someone buy me a cocktail!
Didnt we learn from the iTunes store that the best way to beat piracy is positive alternative?
Why is it so hard to see my advisor?
email me your presentation later
Finally, FINALLY, the video is converting. Man, I hope the students are actually watching these.
hahahah andrea andrea andrea
and needs to follow me(:
Happy mayday.
vacation tomorrow <3
Running on 3 hours of sleep. My body is going to hate me by the end of the day.
I'm so so sorry Mr. B. I know how heartbreaking it is. My thoughts are with you.
Italian leather really couldn't be more addicting to buy.
Yay Friday! Any plans for the weekend?
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me6
Don’t wait for an ACE – Just play the hand you were dealt- InSpotter app
Trying to multitask supportive mom watching kid do karate and learning about Mignot toy soldiers. I see a double fail in my future.
One of the best concerts of my life!!! and killed it
Thanks, I will! Enough cool new features to keep me happy for a while.
great to link up with you!!
#MyFirstYearAtJCSU was definitely a learning experience. I learned to keep my mouth and my legs closed...SMH.
Turn that frown upside down!!!
yea I was suppsd to stay in miami until aug. but I'm flying back to Chicago Friday and looking for job.
I'm excited for school to start too, not excited for no running water. But if everyone was back by now I could just go use a friends shower.
I just bought a nook today. And it won't let me purchase books. What am I doing wrong...ugh!!!
awee that sucks
I will yell to you!
Thanks! Using Pinterest for practice management is novel, but we like it. :) Have a great weekend!
mob wives is amazing!!! You're awesome Karen
Barcelona is losing :(
Trust in God in the midst of trouble and His Peace will flourish.
word...well shit let me know..you already know you got a place to stay
DS: yes we did. And beat your sorry ass Steelers not once, but TWICE. You lost to TIM FUCKING TEBOW. Take a seat.
Only 3 weeks until Théâtre Tout à Trac performs their imaginative adaptation of Alice in Wonderland at The Hillman Center!...
Bow much money did no lose tonight
They're not ugly, but I'm with you on the mileage. But look into operating costs; Otto was insanely expensive. Elantra?
Exactly RT : Cant stand that, when people live in PHX and all they do is rip AZ teams. Get a grip
Morning sweets. Have a great day!
Getting drunk dialed by ex boyfriends rocks. Getting drunk pocket dialed by ex boyfriends rocks even harder.
Hanging out tonite with the girls
I hate when fun things become a hassle.
too good!
86.4F December in Austin, TX with son & daughter
Someone must have HAD to know this.
I just lost so much respect for you.
Watching Shortie at Last time I saw this band I was like 15 yrs old and my high school band opened for them in Stockton hah
Evidently I have a friend popping the question to another friend at Jack Rose tonight. Does that mean I need to put pants on?
Klutzy Steph returns! Sending piano music flying off the stand AND tripping over a cord. All in one movement.
has inspired me to start exploring new places, simply so they won't remind me of how boring I am/was a year from now
Hey, 1,000 followers! I know it's quality over quantity, but still... a nice number to see. And I assume you are all quality. Thank you!
mad at you. ... U never follow through of what we say 😡😡😡😡
luckily, I used to work in Rock Ctr, so know where the cracks in security are.
Bout to eat some long john silvers,chicken wit vinagar(how ever ya spell that). Chow down time
Playing 335 six max at
y wont you do the same ?
Hockey fights are both awesome and ridiculous at the same time.
School ruined my holiday to seattle what a bad holiday ☹
Getting back to my roots with some event planning and budgeting today
I see u tryna get sum fame cause u ova dere whoopin ya boy smh
I'm ready!
Thank ya!
thinkin back to when brandon made that girl cry by calling her a stupid fucking bitch becuase she stole our lunch table....
isn't that what twitter is for? Hating on lmfao and Kentucky?
Vacation! Son is house sitting....so looking forward to doing NOTHING....
She's daddy's little girl.
Sometimes my mother just doesn't know when her opinion is needed.
RT ": Your cousin looks country strong out there. If I would tell him to do anything, I'd say he needs to get lower.
"Vision without action is a daydream. Action without vision is a nightmare."
With the Beach Boys reunion happening, is Brian Wilson disappointed that he will probably have to play "Kokomo"? I'm sure he is.
tweet you tomorrow...
awesome man
/ tends to be big complaint from attendees as well. I was thinking multiple (sponsored) wifi hubs to keep speeds high.
Here we go--Honduras 2012 is underway! Prayer and fundraising starts now!!
Life is not about getting through the storms, but about dancing in the rain
Hey im following both of y'all but no one DM'ed anyone....
granted, i don't know the context, but i can't say i'd entirely agree with that...
When some one takes your lyric posting literrally. SHUT. The fuck. up.
HD still doesn't make Wolf's rag arm look any better.
Thats so cool I didnt know that! Either that or I have short term memory loss Lol! :D That video is gonna be amazing though
Amazing story!! Do any of you know someone Autistic who benefited from a #glutenfree diet?
- Hope it has no connection to conceal and carry! Yikes
Ugh I feel trapped I wanna go some where
Mm, yes :) come by and pick up my order tomorrow! 11:00.
cmon guy its easter
sometimes loves comes around and it knocks you down just get back up when it knocks you down <3
Don't be discouraged when you fail God. He can forgive you and even use your failure to further his purpose in your life.
Lol your tweet made me laugh! Ive never stapled a blouse but I have stapled cuffs on my pants that fell. Too funny!
I can't... I am moving to Vegas!!!
In a meeting and "Photograph" plays on the loud speaker, can't concentrate now.
Globe Trekking #Brides! Pick up the Spring Issue of for the ultimate #honeymoon experience to
OMG now there's a "Dance Moms Miami". LOL.
In order to increase what we have, God needs to increase who we are.
its raining and the last of the tomatoes needed it,but my car needed it more. I may be able to go at least another month without a wash now.
This bitch gone love me now she gone let me pipe.
cannot handle the David Sedaris animal fables - sorry!
now fallowing :)
you too! Looks like it's going to be another beautiful week in
definitely not looking forward to practice... #brookwoodswim&dive
she said alot of stuff about not liking JB but then she lied&claimed that she never said that,there r pics of what she sed
I'm liking this song.
When Posting on your Facebook Fanpage don't use closed statements -Ask questions for more engagement.
Tried to think of something pithy to tweet about on my way home.... #fail. But loved tonight! :)
White Jeep.
Halloween hangover
Laws control the lesser person. Right conduct controls the greater one. –Chinese proverb
Congrats to A 1 Hearing and Aid Centers - Torch Award Winner in 1-4 employees category!
juss got home
Leave no Trace. Leave your FREE & temporary vending space better than you found it!
Ah! Here we go. Giving people recognizable funny hats that beg to be shared on social media is a great idea
can u send me a link pls?
I think Bryce Harper will hit a home run before Albert Pujols hits one
Think I need to buy some Mega Millions Lottery tickets
Just installed our first Spanking Station in this public family restroom.
Ha!!! RT : The question is: when is JAPAN going to make a Tupac Hologram we can have sex with?
free loan mods, yes it's true and i am a realtor and found the right people that can help!!!
really wants to make smores. :)
Thanks for all the #FF. I appreciate all of you guys. Thanks again!
Customers not qualified to kno what solutions r best, thats the job of the organization (Ulwick) #consumer-led insights only for direction.
“Yesterday determines today, and today helps determine tomorrow.”
Don't just Chase your Dreams, Catch them...
Good morning ^_^
After pleasant drinks w/ & C.D. & Sneakz, enjoying Los Buckxz over 50% FG qua competent squad, backcourt exchanging wonderfully.
Visit (booth 97) and enter to win concert tickets, movie tickets, and so much more!
omg girl yes!!! Now I have someone to kill bugs and fix stuff that breaks.
Over wit.
Battered and baked cod, fish sammie, grilled salmon and clam chowder all day long! GET SOME!!!
Done with day 1. Tomorrow should be bettah...
lol :P We've met before. I promise not to judge. (I'm actually very boring in person.)
Jeez! Best Natural Breast Enhancement Remdies Studies! Francis Maude
like you won't see it
Just call one of the Hairston brothers...
“: They won't talk about #fastandfurious because none of them would be as stupid as #CNNdebate”
Today's one of those days. Just to reflect on what's going on in life. RT if it's the same way for you.
your name in my phone .. Disssss bitch
Please go watch the video I posted before this,its funny (:
Just dawns on me that if you're always comfortable and at ease w/friends then you're probably not very deeply #friends. Right?
was great at breaking down responsive design!
I am sitting in a social enterprise alliance board meeting you should check us out (working on web presence now)
First half: impressive shooting/scoring for both teams. Second half: impressive blowing of whistles by the refs.
That's my new favorite pic-- by far-- of the cafe interior!
Starting a new book is the best! Hope it flows :)
Yeah. Rickie is scuffling hard.
Thanks for all the RT's!
She barely know me but I know her Well
True but it's DWade tho. Ya can't give him away. Trade Bosh for young big man
I climbed the pole for the first time ever! So very sore!!!
Hey #Spartans and #Wolverines, look for Closing Time on your campus during #WelcomeWeek & score some #FREE stuff!
RT : If you have to use a text resume, include the link to your pretty and designed resume. And don't bury it.
Mavs have to knock down easy shots..Barea, Jet, Marion have all missed easy shots...hitting free throws might be an idea also
Thanks for the RT friends!
get ur L's
you didn't know?
seem that way.
Ready for the NBA playoffs 🏀🏆
My back needs a new back!
RT "Our language is the reflection of ourselves."-César Chávez (b.1927)
RT : Thanks, Hoosier teabaggers, for expanding the Senate playing field for us. Just like in 2010.
I have a lead role as an irate property owner in Kevin Baggott's film HERE. Most of this movie was shot in Ireland the rest here in NYC.
I'm just gonna play all for my sets from now on. Shit is fire.
What you think means more than anything else in your life.
Some of this stuff is pretty catchy! Riley is going to think Coach Kaleigh is so lame, haha.
Oh that was sent to YOU?? Clearly I missed that one. And wow, I said the same thing, too. No one's impressed d-bag, lol.
Sorry i said to her that im so sorry :(
Our apologies for new users trying to register/login on Skillcenter. Of course technical complications sprouted on launch day.
Accountability much? Comptroller office to "We are not the Sun's research arm" when he asked to see city contracts!
Lost 9 pounds in two weeks!
read your Bible once in a while, sheesh
No words can express my strong dislike for 99% of the human race That 1% is the amount of good people in the world You're all in that 1% c:
as you grow older, you start to appreciate the things that you didn't think mattered when you were younger.
Now he's listening to Super bass... Hahaa he's just Chillin like we can't hear every word!!
Or you could just use so I can see what you're reading!
ohh snap i hope i didn't miss anyone's text
The #mcn2011 #greatdebate is on the proposition: there are too many museums. Initial vote: 65-35 or so against.
you got a ticket?
ISS astronauts (in Q&A interviews) say "Planet Earth," (no definite article, but emphasizing PLANET) and "Space Station" (no "the," just is)
our merch?! That would be awesome of you. Whens your birthday?
": Happy New Year Gorgeous! Here's to all dreams coming true!
We are in dire need of baby blankets for cribs. To donate call our office (305) 637-6711. Thank you! Please RT!
I love my unions they make everything so easy for me
You too Handsome! Hope you have a great one!!!!
#swag if I was yo boyfrann id never letcha go
thank u! I need all the inspiration and new ideas I can get! I'll let u know how it turns out ;)
I'll get Enchanted ready on the TV.
The average person has over 100 hidden talent but typically use 3-10 of them.
2011 has just really gotten started for us...we are still looking for promoters to help us get the word out!
one sounds more enjoyable than the other... :-)
dolvett will you marry me?#biggestloser. :)
RT : Weekend 2 Tent Camping is now sold out. Car Camping spaces are still available.
. on how CCDP peer-reviewed books not entering library catalogs bc they're free online, never go thru acquisitions
Most likely, cyber attackers/hackers just piss me off :L
fuck your macbook and smoke a blunt
Great article featuring about non union actors going to EPA's and ECC's.
Saved yet another customer's data by having hourly #ShadowProtect backups in place via a #BDR. Awesome product & software.
People are so uptight about everything. You realize we a atom amongst billions amongst billions.
It's made with lots of love. I love my mom. :)
Heh. True. Sweet building, sweet location. RT: You have the attention of every real estate broker.
I am really interested in your tweets, but the links aren't working
Finish up that shopping downtown and come relax with a glass of wine!
Taking the weekend off to spend time with family and friends. Which means, there should be lots of new material :)
Thanks for the #seo chat at Great information!
Good feedback from my professor on the Soda Pop King story. Then a dental appt with Dr. Pop (real name) and got a crown.
I miss smoking in the back of Sheridan Tech. I be coming too late nowadays
Shoutout Toxic Loin Cloth
Isnt that what he is?
the story of my life
Tell your friends to follow Indy Reads and volunteer to help make Indy 100% literate! Come to a Volunteer Orientation soon. Call 275-4040
I believe the line is, "How you livin, Biggie Smalls?" Yes, that's correct. Stupendous!
Apple Earbuds: the best earphones $1 can buy!
Well Bishop Arts is fantastic, Deep Ellum is also a cool area, Knox Henderson hood is fun. Hope you have a car
When I finish an ebook, it should automatically notify Goodreads/Shelfari/LibraryThing/etc & tell it I'm done and ask me to rate it.
Hallmark introduced its first Christmas cards in 1915, five years after the founding of the company.
It's a great skill, for sure. And encouraged me to create highly descriptve alt tags! I like doing that on the blog.
1/7/2011 What's Next DC Conference Provides Organizations With Strategies Examiner
thanks for the RT!
Alright Youngstown... are you ready? Broccoli Samurai will be bringin the heat tonight... see you at the Lemon Grove!
Jon Gruden next UM coach...could it be?
AP test in less than 15 minutes. Well, crap.
Says he has spoken with victims families and feels for them.
Trying to make a poster while being distracted by Must be part of their evil plan to stop the up + comers.
Why wont this sharp pain in my stomach go away :(
Its hot as balls in that car !! D:
Mr. Galactic Fantastic LOL
you gotta come to our road show April 4th!!
RT : Living sustainably isn't only about what you use, but what you fail to use.
I love ma baby yep yep I love u boy!!
Sharing information at the Masonic Home in Union City. The residence have wonderful stories to tell.
a couple on my block got a lab puppy some time ago. He was tiny at first, didn't see them for a while, then he was huge!
Exactly. And they treated me like it was MY fault and I was an idiot for being upset about it. Not at all accommodating.
Hey did u go to skool ? 0.o
if you dig Pak Chan-wook's Oldboy, you gotta see the 2 others in his revenge series-Sympathy for Lady Vengeance & Thirst
Jason stathom is a beast
Aw yea, I work in sanford at Liz's new store. Idk if you ever worked with her, I lose track haha. And yea, slacking off :)
How Arizona tried to make it illegal to say mean things online
A week of being on the east coast and I'm still on west coast time
watching nba
Making some cash is cool and all but how bout you go get an education and see what real money looks like.
Lord of the Rings Trilogy on Blu Ray should be an essential part of any movie collection. It looks gorgeous in 1080p
Live and in tweet: and
Well their CEO did say "“We believe that BlackBerry cannot be a success"
Girl I love, girl I love you
A4. Pro Bowl here in South FL was fantastic...for 30 minutes. Boring, noncompetitive.
Keep your friends close and your enemies closer... So true...
yeah, I'll see what I can do
Please keep my brother in law in your prayers. he is ill and I'm going to visit him in the hospital
Napoleon Hill What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
I need to go shopping. All my clothes are too big on me now.
Looking for some everyday, cool climate Syrah's for $25 and under. Who has some recommendations for me?
I have a co-write :( !break a leg!
is there a particular account I should tweet at to report app issues?
It's a date! RT : Thanks for the warm welcome and hope to see you at Donovan House soon!
RT : Why do students put MY name on their papers? I know my name. If it was class name/section that would make sense.
I'd absolutely love to take you out :)
It seems like everyday I hear about another library system that is pulling Fifty Shades of Grey. I thought we had moved passed banning books
Just days away from the 30th Annual Heart of Texas Regatta! Are you ready? What are you looking foward to? Any predictions?
Dear Vegas, may I have my soul back?
I am so happy for Dave and even if she did steal my dream husband :p jk jk he wouldn't marry a fan xD
I honestly hate when ppl try and hook me up with ugly dudes .
Girls like cute dogs cause some apparently equate them to human children smh.
Listing after some homes on the Shorewest real estate show...wonder if should showcase city-owned homes like this?
"Expertise is the new currency of success" - Josh Bersin RT
Sorry for the really late reply -.- , ijust haveent been one here for a while lol &&' So how you benn?(:
“: ": You're only young once, but you can be immature forever." Can I get an AMEN?!” - AMEN! ♋
9AM on a Saturday, and a todo list as long as my arm. Guess I should start.
Thank You :)
NAGIN THE MUSICAL @ THE STEAK KNIFE feb 3 and 4 Starring PHILLIP MELANCON and CHRIS CHAMPAGNE Call 891-3381 for reservations
Hopefully all of the bad turns are out of the way and it only gets better from here! :) Happy Monday!
Tired of searching all over the internet for childrens toys and games? Visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com your one stop shop!
and i want to thank you because they both r special needs and couldn't speak until they began singing Ur songs so thank you
still too soon. cannot speak of the game that will not be mentioned.
yippee..that is so exciting..Thankyou so much..I am so happy to share my music:):)
here here! I think I'm New York bound.
Is it bad that I actually went and found one of the songs the dude at the retreat played today and bought it on iTunes?..
#FengShui Tip: Today, drink an extra glass of water - feel the water healing your body as it goes down - a great & natural energy boost!
USATF board prez Stephanie Hightower promising "chaos" at USATF is over with choice of Max Siegel.
Don't panic, don't panic, don't panic.
I wouldnt be shit wit out my grandpa
Raw kale salad is the new bacon. RT
COMING UP NEXT - CRY BABY ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
Thanks for retweeting us! We're excited for the next 2 full-length albums! Stay tuned!
The Ears Look Familiar! But No p:
10% of boomers were predicted to retire impoverished (2006). New study (2012) claims 20% of boomers receive public welfare, foodstamps.
Makes you wish you didn't drop out doesn't it?
Philadelphia Eagles take two defensive picks and a quarterback on second day of NFL draft
Looking forward to running in the Kugel Ball 5K next week!
I want to kiss and cuddle with hes a sexy dude and is very attractive!! I want him to be my twitter husband is it ok!!
lol!! yes ma'am here I am <3
I will have to try this exotic fruit. Wish me luck.
Maybe alert your performers before you cancel? Thought you got hacked!
Awesome love your finds! Sorry about the sun burn.. ouch!
I'm on my high horse
Just got comfortable and now I gotta pee..
Make Love Not War... Hey do Both GET MARRIED!
I can't sleep if I know it's my turn in Words with Friends. I'm not generally OCD, but I guess I make an exception for competitive wordplay.
of course Casey stayed. He is the winner.
we want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month. go!
RT : RT : Would you mind telling me, why the fuck you have all of my pictures on your twitter?
lol no problem! :D
Hope must be the new religion (not sure if Obama started it) - but has the market ever been as captivated by hope, versus hard fundamentals
Happy Bday !!!! With love and Respect from a Patriots fan
Excited for tomorrow! Everyone listen to 94.5 the Texas Buzz!
You are both seriously 10 feet away from me right now. I refuse to engage.
Things just feel so right when you're proud of how you worded an email.
i love you too tayyy ;)
me too, dude. I'm poor though. So I'll have to download it next day.
I want to win a t-shirt from and
Random bachelor dads are convinced im the penn state pitcher. Have you seen my hand eye coordination?
excellent point by re: charging for service/product rather than rights/permissions
As a follow-up, while the Split Enz's "I Got You" video may leave something to be desired, I've got no complaints about its pop perfection.
well you young whippersnappers be careful and I will see you tonight! Btw check your fb. You'll understand.
it will happen one day<3
you are going into the Hall of Fame one day!!!!
With a loud PING the Garden thought the #Bruins tied the game. Not quite.
I feel like I'm always packing and unpacking, and packing again. I'm ready to just stand still for a while.
Merry Christmas & Happy Hanukkah! May the light of this season fill your heart & life with great joy & happiness. Blessings to you always.
Perfect! We'll be looking for your order!
It was an interesting case but jury duty averted this time. I wish i could go for a drink to celebrate.
Oh. I don't think of that as a landing page. I find that infuriating, personally. I often have to back out. :-)
I hate when a fun night turns out terrible.
How many times did we watch that Fear videotape and sing along to Wild Horses??
I'm morally opposed to abortion, but I stand with planned parenthood as a matter of pragmatism... Imagine the abortion rate w/o PP.
Its not out as a book yet, but I'd love to get a review of my online series, The Trivium Proportion. maybe again for the book
Had a fabulous day hanging with in
So walk up to him and be like "YOU KNOWWW...you look like Vinny." and then just walk away, aha.
Ha! Score for friends who RSVP you to shit for sxsw ....hooray for
Still hungry? Our kitchen is open until 1 am every weekend.
Thats what im talking about lol I didnt know when the circle is unbound that they can solo magic
welcome back!
+1 RT : What a game! Go Clippers
Curious what a Mass Roll is or what's in a Caterpillar roll? Found out at lunch at Buddha-Bar & be rewarded w/extreme tastiness!
Somehow ended up with a free train ride into Boston. Thanks, clueless MBTA worker.
Now I kinda wanna see if water resistent headphones exist and are affordable.
None of ma slimes be answerin the phone tho
Some girls call themselves "Independent" when they have been heart broken and scared to trust another guy.
You should do a convert here in Reno, Nevada. Don't go to Las Vegas! Reno is better xD💗😄🎀
Tommy Hanson vs Ubaldo Jimenez. No better way to spend the fourth of July!
Does everyone have an allergy action plan in writing? Do you give copies to everyone who is left alone with your allergic child?
it was! sad to miss you but we're doing dntwn drinks thursday at clark street ale....
Sent you a text msg.
Of course I would sneeze and hit my head on the wall!
You graduating this year?
sounds good thank u
Live and Let Live
but if its in the gym im not going . .
But poetry is all climax, every word and line pops with the same energy as the whole- jay-z
Breakfast at brudahs after training on a Sunday. Good times
Not being able to be with my brothers and sisters in the is the worst. Good news though, I still believe.
your narcissism keeps you from understanding that in bizness the world you are jus a clerk #ThatsWhyYouHaveNOFriends n no help to move up!.
Also when are you gonna get more routes ?
Hayward's 'The Baltimore Rowhouse' has some good bits on local builders and architects.
Comcast essin a dee
I was pleasantly surprised by that as well. You never know!
In the neighbor's yard there was a fruit tree that exploded into beautiful pink blossoms every spring. They're cutting it down today.
Lmao, I would be blowing up 's inbox at this moment...
thank u doll!!!
Upsetting :-s #wmata - Woman harassed at Landover, Metro Transit Police investigating - wapo.st/ozFsO8
deez famous rappaz a trip 1ST they rap about how they wanna get on SO BAD then they rap about how bad it iz 2 be famous WELL YA MADE YA BED,
Last day at #CTIAw12 in New Orleans - I think I'll spend it with big daddy Bill Clinton...
Well, got to go to sleep, school work non-stop! -_- Goodnight , I'm in love with #SaySomthin and you of course<3 Love you! :)
Just sitting here watching 's old videos fucking dying nbd
We Support You!
RT Back patio for brunch w/ The Paper Twins
and I'm a wee bit late... Holla! And early. TGIF!
Haha. That *actually* made me laugh-out-loud.
Last night was the last night I sign up at the Comedy Store open mic. It doesn't work for me. I don't work for it.
ER doctors face a painkiller dilemma
Our God is greater, Our God is stronger, God you are higher than any others ❤❤❤
with skepticism in some quarters.)
It took us a minute to realize. Lauren said "that pizza looks like our pizza."
I have the best mom in the world. So ya'll can go on somewhere:)
Pull No Punches TV Returns on March 19 at 11:30am EST Stay Tuned For more Info
Atlanta is such a dying city, loosing #bloomingdales is another reason not to move back. I don't shop at
Haha ;D AND GUUURRL! It means Laugh Like Niall (; you're welcome :*
We really like Chicago, but what are some of your other favorite cities during the winter months?
I hate school . 3 more week dog then I'm out this bitch
Girl scouts are already working for The Devil, they can't also be communists. Or...wait...yeah, they can.
Oregon PD tells us they are sending a news release regarding this morning's incident. Will update soon as I get it...
"I am deeply committed to the cause of education and would like to see every person, man and woman, boy and girl, be touched by the light o…
App Store ranks finally defrosted last night. Great to see apps like text+ catapult from rank ~100 to ~60. A truer indicator of popularity.
Great sound, stunning voice, and very nice clip! I dig it!!
Mahendra Kumar Trivedi announces the launch of Trivedi Beef - Stunning Results ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
°o° I really hate it when my blaster malfunctions on Buzz Lightyear's Space Ranger Spin!
I always pegged Simpson as a Titanic & Celine Dion fan.
The new #Shins album is not banal.
I just swallowed a diet coke the wrong way and coughed for three and half minutes.
haha Im so jealous right now (: I wish would tweet me "hi babe" too (; lol
San Francisco festooned in fog is the mot beautiful thing in the world
Thanks for the mentions yesterday!
omg, I know, I've been dieing for a new cut/color...
Digging into the Suitcase Opera libretto and some poems for an art song commission by VOX3.
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
okay ill hit you up
Hey--there will be a podcast, but it will be posted tomorrow. Computers in the shop & I'll be using tablet. Thx 4 patience!-gp
going to see my grandma ..
Working moms that don't admit the difficulty of balancing home and work may suffer increased risk of
Is it baited or bated breath? I've seen both.
last night Idk if it was a dream or real life but something super freaky happened!
Ha! Check their schedule again. Top 10 wannebe's and bottom 25's. No Oregon, Arkansas, Georgia, WVA. Again, not an LSU fan
I'll be there July 2 - 6. Maybe we can grab a pasty?
RT - I still say check Paul Ryan's "budget" for #ALEC involvement!
check you email
all late x), but what is it?
I want those cookies!!!
Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love. Rumi
says " When you've conquered the storm, you can easily master the wind." If you made it through 2009, then 2010 is yours to WIN !
interview with a vampire love this movie
Four days til I see Country Boy. Not that I'm counting or anything.
This is adorable! Thanks for participating and we will be in touch if you are the lucky winner!
off and on for 3.5 years. Consistently now for the past year.
You mean Ancestry.com, not Ancestory.com :-)
Lmao! If you took it that way 😌
Don't wanna do homework!!
fed gov like a 10x walmart $ size company that gives away $ and power. Creates different culture. NIH alone is 30 B
I want to marry someone who calls me "love" rather than babe or baby. I find it so sweet :)
I've got cravings for a vanilla cherry dipped cone and home made choco chip cookies
“: Some people would actually learn from their mistakes if they weren't too busy denying them.. keep it real!!!”yes!
the night cap game will be No. 2 Waipahu (O`ahu) vs. Konawaena (Hawai`i) live on ESPN 1500 at 7:00 pm - Hans L'Orange Field
Hey, have you listed to yet? Follow them and check out www.facebook.com/diveband
Nothing like stocking up on bks for summer reading. My list incl. Milton, PL (2 edd., for a reading group); Ehrenhalt, The Great Inversion+
de nada amigo!
You're actually gorgeous. Ever heard about that, Jess? ♥
Yup RT : #MyPastRelationships made me realize i need learn how to pick them better
Thank you, dear.
lol my dad put his glasses on the roof of his car and then drove away and when he realized he called me and told me to look for em
My 900th tweet is for because she puts up with me..... and is stomping up the stairs threatening to steal my money...
just bought the new album cant wait to see you on tour!
Thanks for the helpful chat.
Oops, spoke too soon, a couple people left in the corner.
Thanks new followers!!!! :)
when?!I'm in USA but I'll watch on YouTube!<3
Also, it appears that Tarnoff blocked me just for associating with you.
They also need to stop watching Fox News. That $&%@ should have a warning label on it.
tht wan drown shit yu always used to say old as heyyyooo
I am absolutely terrible at that game. can't get past the 2nd basement :(
that blimp will be #BTR 's
$3 tallboys of #PBR over here, big cat.
December for shows! We're getting ready... are you?
So how was ur day? u done straightening ur hair? lol
You are #DoinTooMuch !
Get it girl.
Could assume bikes that are returned to same station travel at typical (median?) speed of point-to-point for time out.
Terrific eats and treats in Westminster tomorrow! Have a guess. We'll give one away! Good luck...
“ Can they really feel like this is an accomplishment tho?”
Just drove by a red Audi w the license plate #volturi....lololol #twilight ppl
Well, I'm usually pretty good at getting my Apple products to Just Work (TM). I chalk it up to late night and some botched files.
when you move what are you going to do with the posters on your room walls?!?! :o
Don't try and trap me with your verbal karate. RT John Fox joins Vic and me Monday morning on 87.7 the Ticket.
Sleeping on the floor is easier for me to know, NO monster under my bed! Can sleep tonight
im going to have to steal it from u when youre done!
Barely the 3rd day of 2011 and already knocked out a lot of design and marketing projects! - MWWdesigns.com /// BoostYourFans.com
buzz, your girlfriend, woof!
on wht yall looking for a singing group, me & my guy sang
BOOKED the role of DR BARB a Kookie TV REALITY SHOW SHRINK in THE LAST INTERVENTION a comedic feature about a Dominican family in crisis
Flights booked for #pearsoncite. Looking forward to the next round of design partner discussions around
If you're trying to get rid of it I'll happily add it to my pile! I actually didn't cut a huge quantity, as my car was full of people
Who has been to Cioffis in Lilburn? Pretty good pizza!
Very important to my family!
I think the heat in Bruton is making your posts more interesting. How you holding up?
Celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. w/ AWARD-WINNING JAZZ COMPOSER & SAXOPHONIST KURTIS ADAMS 8pm&10pm sets
lol. where are you from?
Sending you a round of applause, loved Silver Sparrow. So much to talk about today at book club meeting
I never imagine I have My own family
rain check?
Riding around with my sister and nephew.
Are you a mom? Have you unlocked Mom Badge? Announcements to be made on Mother's Day!
Sombody that you use to know..
thumbs down to Kutcher.
Hey bro. Can you put some guitar tabs up for I, the jury. Can't find it anywhere I'd love to play that song
In gym class and I hate it!!
BIG things happening! Team #nosleep this week! Cant stop, wont stop! Very fortunate 2 have AMAZING ppl in life helping me reach my dreams!
Reading twenty two chapters of a book to a five year old is all I have accomplished so far this evening..
btw today is superbowl. the other american holiday.
And the Afghan children killed as they slept & the ones killed in drone attacks...whose names we may never know. I will remember.
‎[Campus Bulletin] Please do not call this Hell Week. Use the official title, "Week Preceding the Week Preceding Final Examinations."
Damn you fine
Plz keep a special lady...Joan n ur thoughts & prayers...she has had heart attack & a blood clot after stint surgery. Thank u <3
Stubbs grounds out then shouts,"Fast!" Yes, Drew,you are.
To change one's life: Start immediately. Do it flamboyantly. No exceptions. ~ William James
Lima beans and sweet corn! Succotash!
I'm so excited for our future plans, classmate ;)
Um...Mr. Leo sir....um...the song is called, um, "Info Freako"....sir.
Wakin up... third day in NYC. Well at least i didnt have to wake up at 530am like yesterday. Hands up for Z's. :)
breaking bad
Town Hall Meeting tonight for Langston/Carver neighborhoods 7:15 pm to 8:30 pm, @ DC Family Health and Birthing Center, 801 17th Street, NE.
reading somebody's tweets and realizing how much you screw up with that person. it sucks. :(
Austin has no idea how much of an impact he has made on my life <3
:( guess that this isn't going to work. But if it doesn't happen naturally it wasn't meant to be.
Back from a long but great day in Pompeii with #DePauw Winter Term group. Really a great group of students to travel with.
Omg that ice bath was cold as a heck man lol
she talks too damn much!!
thanks for the follow... We never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
Last chance to get camera training in today. Shoot your subject concentrating on changing backgrounds, in focus & out. Tomorrow: bad smile.
will love swift forever! sign the petiton~
completed her food and exercise diary for 04/26/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I don't play with music! I just make the music!!!!
I Must Be Doin Sum Rite
fantastic. hopefully i won't have to borrow your phone's hotspot like last year. :)
bored out of my mind and my room is so hot -.-
Follow for some more amazing witty banter from your favorite geek!
Isn't he! Hasn't seemed to change in decades--so smart and funny. Andy Borowitz, who hosted the event, clearly loves him.
I choose to not have clean water! I live in Philly damn it!
hahaha !! i knew you were going to say that but naw we'll see once you come back :D
So the girl made pancakes by herself this AM, & can also reach bathroom sink w/o a stool. This what 5 looks like, apparently.
Can't take it when I'm gone
oh umm my dad got hit by a van on his motoecycle then the guy ran his leg over twice and broke the bone in front and
I probably only get like 3 hours of sleep a day now...lol
u has been tweeted at
A #Golfer called 1 of the caddies & asked, “I need a caddy who can count & keep the score..." Read this #Joke @ Http://ICUGolfStories.com
I feel like I'm playing "fashion model" because I'm dressing up my little cousin in different outfits and taking pics of her ! So cute. Lol
SPANKING NEW LASHMAN POSTER. Check it out at http://www.facebook.com/lashmanmovie and Retweet IT
in twisted spoke
If #Trayvon deserved to die so did I
Will record it. How do find the energy to be the voice of District 3 24/7?
I was wondering about this as well. I'm thinking that Seiko will have to tighten up the spec.'s for the 4R35.
ok good :) I might really need it if people show up aha
if a trip happens, do let me know.
Sad trombone ... #Rays lose
Who is going to #Orioles #OpeningDay??
Oh my gosh the memories!Both my elementary & grade school are in the audience @ "Paint the Town Red" by the Chicago Children's Choir
I really got that attitude like... cant nobody tell me what to do.
What are you creating for 2012 that will increase the quality of your relationships and improve the world in which you live?
Done with my homework before 345..abnormal
P90X tomorrow...workout is crazy doing abs tomorrow I dont think I've been this sore...EVER
Happy Birthday! You are gorgeous inside and out!!
Do u still go 2 publishing companies 2 find songs 4 your albums or does the publishing companies send them 2 u?? U PICK THE BEST
Ughh!! Since when does hiccups hurt?!...and the hold your breath method doesn't work anymore..-_-
Haven't been back since my internship in 2003. #Sigh RT I can certainly agree with that thought! I love WDW.
Tammy Baldwin is a communist. Keith Ellison is a communist. Judy Chu is a communist.
Upcoming weekend storm to bring rain, turning to light snow. This storm will be similar to Christmas storm around immediate parts.
Bitch u laying in a cum spot!
I'll Drop you like a bad habit
Does your laptop computer get so hot that you can't set it in your lap? Is it slow but not infected? Get it cleaned today. Runs faster! ,
Wasabi promotes tear production! TFOS lunch - we're crying!
I agree. I think I'll head to the rink now. Oh wait...I live in Atlanta.
Just Friends. TBS. Friday night party with my friend Haribo.
Love me. Please.
thank you too
RIP Fred Thompson
im with ryan
There is a magazine called "Garden & Gun"
why does work always drag on friday?
Some dude let his pitbull loose while my dog was in the park. C'mon man. That dog looks scary and I was there first!
mind following my new account?
Someone Talk to me? Hm. I think so.
There's always Minecraft, which doesn't really have to compete.
Hahaha sorry drew! You're my favorite too!
but seriously! What did u do?
Thank you for your support. We're taking a little time to reevaluate and then we'll see what happens.
Elena is silly. She still has to think about damon's thing. If I were her I'd say: YES, Damon I LOVE YOU! I wanna be with YOU! hahaha lol
“: #Pisces - Who wants to have babies with you: Harry” best one yet
Scrabble for iPad is the Shiznit
what do I need to do to get a cute pit bull booked as the WWHL bartender when my book comes out in October?
I'm sick of hearing the term 'Christian definition of marriage'. The Bible is not a Fucking dictionary.
are you good at doing imagine tweets??
Glad to help! Have a great time at the show!
“: One more of Bush's fuckups fixed.”
Too many couples think the language of love is clever banter & cute put downs. Build a reservoir and fill it with positive deserved praise.
Then I realized that Walter's just plain crazy. So it works.
LOL. You missed it because I've been laying low. Got roundly spanked for having contact with the buyer.
no more school
Saving lives is a rush
Thank you 's Doubles Poker Championship on for This Week In Poker
I am calling it: #Super Bowl is on #CBS so the post Super Bowl will go to
love you too!!💗
Huge breakfast! Muffin, egg McMuffin and a large smoothie. Nap time!
Happy Thursday everyone! Any great plans in store for this weekend? Im really craving some right about now & its only 830am!
Congrats Ryan Newman! =]
I thought your backside hurt from the sandpaper condom he used?
Let the fun begin at Amy Roloff Charity dinner getting ready for a great evening.
she was a 2 but It didn't matter cuz she worked like a 10 lmao all show no go!
#FF for her unwavering support or writers and the writing community :)
“: It's a fancy night, and so Ryan pulled out his bump-it for the occasion. #Bachelorette”
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin♥
Morning Sorors! Chapter Meeting Roll Call! Who's getting ready?
Five bucks for a Mother's Day card. Five bucks! I say do away with all holidays or cards.
shit we will cena got ripped off against the rock and this his big win now
would sell my soul for a rasp donut right now
fear the roo
Lol jk I'm weak as fuck. I can't even bench the bar
Thank you so much!
Fell asleep b4 performance on #SNL last night watchin it now jesus lord! SEXY
So u are saying he is improving? RT : 75% of the time artest shoots, it looks like its his 1st time touching a bball ever.
I did
JINX again RT : NO HITTER JINX
great! How's things with you?
Bitch your going to have to pay for my jokes!! Lol
Kat still got that fatty. Boo.
nothing im just saying thats loose lol
are you still there? :)
omg... i am going to stop talking now. haha
just woke up from a nap lol and trying to force myself to go to the store !
Time to start a new life new ppl new friends
RT - Cute boys in Indians hats = my weakness.
apparently God wants my mom to get juviderm? lol...
Powers out so what do me and do? Listen to call me maybe duhh
The wait is over! #glee returns TONIGHT @ 8/7c!
I knew I was getting on the crazy train...I just didn't know it didn't stop!
i'll see you tomorrow buddy
I hate campers... They tend to piss me off...
My students had fun with taxonomic work. What do words "electronic" and "literature" mean in #elit?
Looking for an affordable, workable document management program for my 17-lawyer firm
My boss, , and I have decided there should be a 16-step program for people who try to do to much.
Haha good stuff. Funny but #wtf. I'll keep my eye out for more :)
The sky is clear, sun is out. But there is a chill blowing in from Ithaca...I gotta feeling...
That`s very nice! Thank you & Happy Birthday!
Thanks for the follow back. Since you like #scifi, I hope you'll check out my stories and let me know what you think
Apparently our pentagraph is inverted & we're waiting 4 the "super techs" to show up to hopefully fix it. Srsly that's what announcer said
RIP #Hitchens. You were one of the greats!!!
I'm gonna go get some spaghetti.
It'd be an absolutely priceless moment if i could see right now!!!
The future of tennis: Game, set and number-crunch?
Identify business objectives, seek well-aligned property/athlete and develop INTEGRATED activation plan.
I once ate frozen lettuce and it was really gross! - RT ice everything!
you're in DC during playoff week?
So you're basing your "facts" on information that should have never been leaked. a lot of guys should be contacting lawyers
SAT word of the day: largess (n.) the generous giving of lavish gifts
Fess up. U broke the droll when u were a kid :P
no doubt! Hey ima record that track today. Does that same guy master your traxx
try not to worry. #meetthefockers is on tbs. Very funny.
I'd love them 2 ask any of the hard working folks who lost their jobs if that ad is unfair.
u really needa get that fixed. And what's the score to the yankee red sox game, I don't have cable till tom
Leaving office now..so much for half day.
Moved into my dorm in Paris! It's a gorgeous old stone pile with soaring ceilings, huge closets, and tall windows.
RIP PUN & DILLA
People can and do change...it just don't happen very often...
"Knock knock!" "Who's there?" "God!" "God who?" "Just kidding, there is no God!"
#befoewomengetready they like to get there yells in
Im so happy!
I'm thinking about runnin to get some
“ (phone vibrates) *runs across room* *jumps over couch* *fights off ninjas* *grabs phone* "damn, i thought u were someone else!!" -.-”
‘French people are Italian people in a bad mood.’ - Cocteau
If you would like to make a guest appearance on the KOKO Dennis Show please email us today. We are crushing all doubt as you move towards y
I'm in Eugene! How long are you there for?
I want to swim!!!
Don't Even Look Over There Act We Aint Trippin The Next Few Dayz Potna Came Up Missing!
Sheila Mikhail uses technology to make her legal services more efficient, vs. the usual ticking cab meter approach. Kudos! #ACRP2012 (S056)
yo let's do it!
: *hugs to u too I got room on my bed
Congrats to and for BLOWING UP first week's number on "A Star Crossed Wasteland." You're turning lots of heads!
Weird Internets: The Amazing Found-on-Twitter Sonnets of Pentametron - Gawker
Great first set out on the Promenade today. Hung out with for a bit and had a random trumpet player get up and jam with me!
I love my job, especially when I get to shoot the shit with Garth Fundis
Who Run The World ? Squirrels
Learning to Think: How A Poor Understanding of Feminism Stole My Brain, & Wanting to Fuck a Hot Cowboy Has Nothing To Do With It.
Very cool!
ugh i have to go outside buy dinner and put up the clothes, but it hurts so badly.
I completely get you lol
#vatorsplash MyStand has passion. Passion=great company! Intriguing pitch. Or i just want to save the world
u a mess lol
Hey ! Looking forward to talking about food in #IdeasChat today! See you in 30 minutes.
shmeeeaaa! Where are you?!
I saw a rough a few days ago, I'll send u a link once ready. We should shoot some w ur Epic #reeltalk (Pun intended)
amazing! How are you feeling?
Good! Glad you liked them :) RT : Hot dog! That was fast turn-around! These are the best "business" cards ever.
Can't wait to see perform at house of blues!!
Havent been on here in the longest time <3
I want to be a boxing judge, but I have 20\20 vision. #whatfightaretheywatching?
No need for apology, I understand your perspective. I think it reinforces my statement, though. Societal preference of sin.
Hahaaa at the BMW commercial. Email from wife read by car: "hey honey...my mom stopped by. See u soon." *man starts backin out of driveway*
Oklahoma city meltdown!!!
Can this year’s #Celtics be last year’s #Mavericks and catch everyone by surprise and win another title?
will do bro
when did i ever say i didn't like Colin?
Haha no kidding! :)
it appears to me that a flaming "brown bag" full of poop and a pair of boxing gloves outside of 'his' office, seems appropriate right now.
Thanks, contacts would be great. I called a few places but they want non perishable items.
your work deserves compensation writing is your job like librarian is mine... Ppl Need to realize u created the work u own it
...and thats what ya get for calling the sex hotline
LMAO “: I'm a crazy b*tch when I'm on my period. 😞”
Lesbian Sex is 1OOO times better than straight sex HANDS DOWN !
WELL IF THEY DIDN'T MAKE FIFTY MILLION QUIZZES, I WOULDN'T BE FORCED TO TAKE THEM!
« "One way to keep momentum going is to have constantly greater goals." -Michael Korda»
bought a bag of chips but got half a bag of air instead... thanks popchips
Just woke up and my socks are missing. Omfg!? I hate when this happens aha.
kallie's wearing a white dress in honor of this!
Look for upcoming tweets on where to find our Prince Royce interview & we'll be posting pictures of the event coverage. Don't miss it!
you know you love me! ;)
bored than a mutha work was alrite could have went smooth.
We are now averaging 1 feat of strength less than every 2 minutes.... thank god we love wine!!!
Oh, how is it? I've been wanting to go.
Waving back!! :)
If you were a man of taste, I might take offense. But we both know better. RT Disagree
30 something year old alumnus at a college hoops game that can't quite let go of those student body cheers; don't be that guy.
Y U MAD , ITS NOT LIKE IM LYING
#69Factsaboutme 2. I dye my hair a billion times.
haha, you'll be busy in Knox. Hahah, but I'll still call & make plenty of trips.
And a dance with Mr. Darcy?
Breakfast has been served at #rhokmke. Tired folks eagerly getting nourishment...and caffeine.
#Nuggs look like they let this game get too big for them. Good to get it out of the way. Series starts Tuesday.
I hate driving my mom's car ☹
I requested of Governor Pickens a pass to Fort Sumter, where I would confer with Major Anderson. It was granted without hesitation.
RT : Planning a volunteer day for members of SFC HIgh School Chorus team to install #cleanwater filters in #Fiji Fun!\\...yum!
interesting promotion strategy, at once modern and victorian. anyhow, thanks for the reads.
We shall see where my new home away from home is! ☺
yes, im there
all been good since Saturday. I will let y'all know if it acts up again. Thanks for your help.
If we get to see tomorrow, I hope it's worth all the wait.
cc & MT Really enjoying your site! Great way 2 connect and network with people for my company!
Who do you have winning the Finals? I'm going with OKC or the Heat. With Bosh out I'm leaning more OKC.
Wild boar burger at The Dove m.
My boyfriend does something really cool in a few episodes from now...keep watching it ;)
Throwing Candy When the Crew Locks up Home Field Advantage!
I am so not feeling the love right now.
haha gotta love my giant windbreaker, it really makes me look pro
Twitter is such a great source of current news. Almost makes me wish I was watching #SNL to catch that #F-bomb. What were the reactions???
incredibly distracted by the glorious smell of people grilling outside the stud.
what's going on?? Hope everything is okay. Hope you feel better.
Lmao. I just said, "Does that make me a stalker because I read the convo & knew it was me?"
Free throws for the rest of the game. Down 6
Zoo for mothers day (: with the fam(ily) <3
Is she cutting some teeth?
are u in a bad mood today?
Really annoyed that I can't hear this Gossip stream. >:(
Hugh S/O to for always holding me down with the shout outs n respecting the grind I appreciate u homie!!!
hopee my cousin has fun at prom.!
nathan rocking the shirt under the shirt or what?
STOP THE BLEEDING, NUGGETS
Thanks you to all my new followers
hey love(: wassup??(:
the jesus of suburbia!!
This concert is like a damn obstacle course with these kids and their hula hoops.
well....call me? :D haha jk <3 I'm starting to sign up for med school soon.
how did it go?
happy mothers day :)
After midnight, all conversations lead to sexual topics.
me and are twins born 4 years apart basically
Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't. -Johnny Depp
They're ads (a substantial part of how twitter pays for itself). You can block individual advertisers if you don't like them.
aw I approve. go get him! I request to play with him tho!
Some asshole wrote UN F*ck The World on my Fiat's rear window while I was away. A lovely welcome back :( At least my car needs a wash anyway
he's filming his show.
It's Safety Week at Kleen Test Products!
dear earth, hope u feel better soon.
I'm going to sleep now. Nite-nite Twitterland, sweet dreams to you all. Let's see how well I'll be able to sleep tonight. :(
(3/6) Sue's clients include Oprah Winfrey, Hillary Rodham Clinton and Maria Shriver just to name a few.
end of nba on abc means i am released from the couch at last. Kinda sad.
"there should be a love song about sadness" - hipsters, I bet
exactly my plan too girl.
Retweet if you're thinking about retweeting this tweet :D lol.
We love the Moon. RT : Hey, Raleigh peeps, check out the Isis moon right now. It is amazing.
Upward Motion Personal Training brings ‘Weight Loss Coaching’ program to the weight loss battle in Albuquerque.
Thank you for the follow d00ds!!Digging the sound as well ,keep it up:)
Thanks so much dear! You're awesome. <3 you too!
Listening to Phoenix. (:
I haven't tweeted in months, but Chilean wine is bringing me out of hibernation tonight
Metta's logic is "If Kobe turns it over, we all turn it over." Good to know they respect the coach that much.
Running with !
Yes, I want to be part of the book :}.
In honor of mothers day I have rented a mini van and mom jeans and will be offering free rides and unsolicited advice
Watching west balt ravens vs spartans under 85lb in lake arbor
oh ok
I wouldn't know anything about local news sites with strange names.
naa i wish the worst for you, for causing problems with my relationship, ruining my life, ruining friendships, you just deserve the worst.
Igor: [suddenly appears next to Fredrick] I understand. I understand. Why are you shouting?
Disagree vehemently. The icy camerawork, script, Oldman, Hurt, Hinds, Cumberbatch + Strong work for me. Rewatched the series too.
OMG YAY ITS TWO PEOPLE I LOVE BIRTHDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!
Yes! AND is guest starring this season too. Buffy reunion?!
#Avengers was so freaking great!
you're welcome! happy to help! hope the space is everything you envision & more. the party was a blast :-)
RT : "We are not human beings on a spiritual journey. We are spiritual beings on a human journey"
I still want to know if you named it yet...especially NOW....!!!
Just watched last night's #Community episode- great episode or greatest episode? loved it, can't wait for the finale.
spent two hours cleaning and organizing my room, now time to enjoy some sun ☀☀☀☀
u have a sexy name but im ton
A5: Drama. Pure and simple. A lot fans will tune in just to see what happens next.
Saturday and Sunday feel like a three-day blur.
Hey Dawn, it was great seeing you again! I hope your weekend is a fun one. :)
Searches that brought people to my webs site: alpha male and female primate; chimpanzee pedophilia; aggressive wife beating husband
Great day of cramming linux knowledge. 16 more days like this and I may actually pass this exam!
#yolo by the strokes is my favorite song
When I hear folks say things about the Google UX or UI, it's usually from an iPerson. So they can be safely ignored.
Off the edge as if I am wearing a thong.
Yes I have heard that, now if I could get my team to stop bringing in the big tub of non-dark chocolate to the office.
This is the sexiest picture you've ever posted
A green automotive shop? We're working on it, can't wait to share the details. . .
RT : Q1. Whats in your makeup bag this spring?
Happy first birthday to #GTFish! Good luck w/ tonight's #oyster bonanza!
Hope I make it through this day
Another...yawn...SEC battle
Hello Mitt need to wim .
chilly??? You mean FREEZING!
String by string; too
Seeing as how it's already been over two weeks, I guess one more day won't matter. LOL
Tap company rehearsal. Let's get it in ProtoTap!!!
I am at doctor apt with waiting to start Spencers test #loveit!
Only three more days. May 12. 591 Broad Street, Newark aljirafineartauction.org
is there any way to search for events by location (i.e. dc) instead of strolling through all of them? Thanks!
I'm going with ya.
i mean suck emily cock XD
the heat just suck
My offical private G+ is reported :O
. any chance you have an iCal or Google Calendar of your upcoming workshops and webinars. If so, perhaps a good idea? I'd subscribe.
Oh no! I hope everything is ok.
Drooling over new arrivals…
Hardest part about new job in new part of town? I have to get a new barista. ;-( trying #bellacaffe we will see.
Tigers coming through, backs against the wall they find a way to save the scorecard. Cudos!
ok then watch the other NEW vid i sent you plz plz plz im going to send u one each day
lol hell yea
#We will make your custom suit, prom, bridal and children dresses in two days or your money back. W.bindahouse -9164290403
Dude. Don't blow my cover. People down here are angry commenters.
That billboard is awesome!! How many Christians can't recognize the irony here?
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” - Mother Teresa
It wasn't bad, but if you choose to see it, keep an open mind. Also, you know who Bradley Whitford is, so stop lyin'.
I bike to work because it's so much faster than driving or Metro: 15 min drive; 20-35 min Metro---and i get the cal burn.
its not like anything else could get worse this week.
So what's the buzz on the new iPad? Has Apple hit the mark or fallen short? How does this newest iPad compare to the Droid tablet ?
I have literally spent the entire day editing projects, and I'm not done yet. I don't know whether to be proud or depressed.
Do you live near an Arby's by chance?
Thanks for the follow Culinary Trend (CulinaryTrend)! :)
what happened to Nena!!
Hillis of 2011? Absolutely a bad comparison. Hillis of 2010? A much different story
that sucks
These fuckin ppl in my class are got damn retards ugh help me
You may be a speech teacher but Y U NO speak right?!
seduce the canon
yeah! Wait, what?
He really done just blew me. Nigga called 7 times in ONE hour. Are you SLOW? Can you take a mfing HINT ?! -__-
The dollar cost averaging strategy helps you buy more shares of stocks and mutual funds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise.
RT I don't know what your plans are for the evening, but I'll be at the slinging drinks... Come see me <3
Rep. Connie Mack at Tampa gas station blasting the President and Sen. Nelson on Keystone pipeline. Mack launching petition to support line.
Are you following the brilliant ? Amazing writer!!
Taxes submitted. BIG check mark off the to do list for the weekend. Yay.
dude you look like a vintage bum in your AVI
I may not be the tiniest girl but might I just say - dayum I look hot today.
did the uncle break it?
you put a check mark next to your twitter name because you think you need to verify it.
Why do guys have to be so dumb.
Congratulations to for winning the #Twitter #contest! Yay!!!
Super Mario bros. Is the best video game EVER!
I'm not talking about getting Crunk
KATE FREAKING NASH.
I'm not sure if I applaud Mattel or am just annoyed.
Hey, Larry, could you follow us and we'll shoot you an invite through DM?
WUT did u do?!:O
Artists depend upon their fan base to continue making a career of their music!
Ditto, fearless leader. <3
Hell Yea Bro
lmfaooo! Boy my feet are pretty cute!
WAY better
Some great sources for higher ed news:
When is the next book coming out? >: )
At the ancestry dot com booth waiting to hear if I won the drawing
-points awkwardly- Michelle Ponton right? 2nd day there and look what I've done already!
Are you going to buy facebook stock?
sounds good!! thanks..let us know how we can ever help you!
plzzz follow me :)
I would probably only use the second bedroom for guests and to store computer crap (printer, scanner).
Ohio struggles to draft tougher law after exotic animals' escape COLUMBUS, Ohio (Reuters) - Ohio legislation designed to clamp down on ow
all about fullerton.
Thanks so much for the kind words Matt. I hope that everyone would see it that way.
Watching "I Just Want My Pants Back"!
Come into Lottie's tonight for Oscar's famous nachos & ridiculously tasty quesadillas.
it's semifinals! if the caps win the next game, they're playing the Devils for a spot in the stanley cup finals.
Arbor day. The one day that Texas Tech tricks students into doing the work of the grounds crew.
Love the bubble wrap calendar!
Thanks for the RT yesterday. Enjoy this beautiful day!
Happy August!!
Enforcing a strict 10000% positivity rule for myself. I call it: The Neg Cleanse.
I will be your friend, I will love you so DEEPLY
"Needs to change from an obligation framework to an opportunity framework" #tanf panel
Good for you, keep it up!
It's not true that life is one damn thing after another; it is one damn thing over and over. -Millay, Edna St. Vincent
We are! BUSY BUSY BUSY :)
“Hope” is the thing with feathers, that perches in the soul—and sings the tune without the words. And never stops—at all. – Emily Dickenson
Can not wait till my iPod gets here
God bless you. I am happy to know your relationship is filled with His love and favor. :)
I bet he will love that!!
Thank you for reaching out! What is your neighborhood of specialty?
OMG Elijah is back!!! I love him
Just please don't be mohamed sanu, watched that kid at Rutgers. Nothing fantastic. Maybe a #3 Possession WR on the team
thanks lex :D
lol damn.. i nvr seen that ..
This is what I do darlin...this is what I do. (J.Whedon)
RT : Pleasantly surprised by 4th & Forever, reality show about Long Beach Poly, airing on #CurrentTV. Good stuff...
stay tuned for my interview with Boris and Dylan that I conducted today
What a great place! I need to get down there.
oh well
merp. imiss hearing you set off your doorbell...
eww haven't even done my art HW.. and all i've been doing was watching TV and playing games on my iPod..
My mom is making me wear my glasses! I have too I can barely see.
just nice to see them win haha
There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
2 days til we rock Casa in Athens with our friends Sassafraz! Can't wait to rage back in A town!
I don't think I've ever been to Union Station without having to full on sprint to catch my train/bus/metro, but always make it just in time.
erhmmm.... you can #FF me allday long Big Slick!
but that is the point isn't it? Understandable by whom? Under what circumstances? And who gets to decide?
I've been in the bestest mood lately :D
I feel like such a loser when I'm forced to leave the library on Fridays.
If you don't mean me no good just leave my life......wtf is so hard
1 in the morning, still on the phone, holllaaaa
The human body should naturally produce caffeine
I'm feeling twitteriffic! Follow me people!!! I'll definitely follow back :D
and the upsetting begins . . #fuckit .
Resident interviews on OBX - no strong def of maritime heritage - mostly personal; tourism pros - not high priority, niche.
It's official, I suck at bowling
hmm.. Any time that's good for you after 9:45ishh. But I understand if you have other stuff going on.
possible, but given some ppl's intense feelings on gun freedom, etc, i dont see 12 ppl agreeing on this
any article/link on that?
My life has been so amazing lately. everythings been going right. #happytweet ❤😊
Paul in the UK just tweeted that he is out of Uncle Jim's...we need to fix this!
30 miles into SC , the home state, and prob 1 1/2 hrs to go til home. Been a good trip and a beautiful day to travel! Blessed!
will you please....
EEk! I bet you have little butterflies in your tummy.
was he preceded and trailed by an appropriate royal retinue and security forces? The spare must be protected, or so I understand
Off to the library to get some work done
S/o to my teammate Carlos Delfino he has been killing in the FIBA Tourney ! I haven't missed one of his games.
Happy the #Bruins won tonight, but Julien has no sense of history. I wouldn't have started Thomas on the 10th anniversary of the Tuuk Rule!
Sometimes I wonder what happened to Miranda Cosgorove's freckles 0_o
You're seeing "girls" reading #AnnaKarenina because the latest translation is excellent. Men should read it too--but no boys!
Is there a tag for the festival? I want to know if dogs are permitted. Thanks for RT
Apparently I am responcible for 67 servers in North America. Who knew?
Just wanted to chit chat sometime. No big. Send you a direct later.
Thank you to all of those that have served, or are currently serving for our great country.
how the eff did you get a we follow invitation?! grrrrrrrrrrrr
happy turkey day! gobble! gobble!
Finally finished two excellent books! Thanks and for your gems. Well worth my time & money. Nuff Said!
Lmao ok lets start trade rumors and whoever we name will hae a hatty.
"Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned." Charles W. Chesnutt
don't throw beef at me lol you don't wnna be like me
Went shopping n got a massage... been spoiling myself a lil lately
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
I have a hot property for sale. Will also look at a joint venture! Makes good money ( cash flow ) very little debt!
hyfr lol! “: im at 1600 followers was gucci ;D”
thank you for blessing us w/the , from ICON to ABDC to events to meet and greets to shake it up now even bigger things
Thanks so much Cass.... Good luck at the show:))
WALK OFF GRAND SLAM MR. JOEY VOTTO!
hello cousin!how are you dude?
At a motivational speaker today with my company. "Let your journey begin today folks..." yeck- so corny.
*raises hand* If they look like you... lol
or you could hide under the bed?
Pussy for lunch
A buddy said his girlfriend let him have a 3some with her twin! I asked if he could tell them apart. He told me her brother had a mustache.
Wednesday comedy night on #ABC!!!
Never disrespect 'the family'. That was a beautiful quote Chipperoni ~ xo
not that one.. lol. That's damn near a straight drop.
Issues raised on conventional mortgages because of controversial energy home loans might be solved through a new FHA program.
lol! i know.
it may be available online too
Wave Rave ??
but thats what andrews for
Just saw #oomf tweets...& my response to that is; i will be that "some one" you need :) ......seriously though <3
I wish my marathon was this weekend. Officially entering Taper Hate phase.
Goodnight twitter bitches Luff you more than Harry Styles naked. OH, wait, what?
what a nice day, to be out in ypsi... did you know! that u can ask people for change down here!? awesome!
haha :D want to be my twitter friend? :) ♥
ITunes MusicMatch is worth the $25 a year, if only to play my iTunes library from my tv. Thx
i love white cheddar popcorn!!!
do u need another picture to proove it ?
Haha. I wish the same about my HTC He RT I wish my iPhone battery lasted lon
No hats, GIRL BYE!
hey yo bro I really busted out laughing just now bro ur funny as hell it was the first throw bro
I screwed up
love it! Who knew it would be interviewing a Derby winner!
ya nice read!
Have fun at NY show.
we miss you too... Xoxo <3
how u been and when is ur birthday ?
good... at the doctors and you?
Database not working...
Playin' the geetar fiddle! Lots of new songs to perfect before we start playing again next month!
#Abbas Happy #Nakba64 really hope you do much better job for
Thanks, Audie--we think it's pretty good too.
Come to ! I'll make you some delicious coffee and you can listen to jazz. What better to do on a rainy day?
It has as many dimensions as there are ways of thinking. The lesson: an unbending tree will break. The world is NOT black/white.
Sorry pete. But to rub it in geoff I liked the idea of old school Mexican.... thoughts
ha! those are my comfortable shoes!!
Thanks! So glad it's done. :-)
Hey still good news for Pens Fans....we aren't from philly.
what are you doing tonight? PS I thought I went home last night but just found out I had an entire blackout experience downtown
Listening to 5th podcast about yeast in 2 days.
I want to know my real name ♥
83 degrees out! Man alive.
EXTREME pies of New Jersey housewives
Thx for following. Are you guys responsible for the great fireworks after the Tribe games in Cleveland?
So why dont you wanna go
Thanks for putting an empty box of cereal back in the cabinet. Now I can have disappointment for breakfast. -______-
Casablanca Express has the best free vegas trips!!!!
#free stuff. 2:45-3 pm. Take what you can grab in the last 15 min of the south side presby rummage sale. 20th & Sarah sts.
Yep, gotta do that next
i can't wait to go shopping tomorrow.(:
Norris the novelist?
Walked 15 blocks to make it. It will be so worth it. RT : #RHoK panel at #SXSW at 5PM in the AT&T Conference Center, Salon E.
Day two in NYC, scheduled visits done. Conference time. Time to network and meet some new peeps!
Who NY Giants win! 🏈
This game is all over the place!
No you have to go for me man
I'm not buying you the jersey! that offer expired... if they win the cup MAYBE
she loves that movie. So sing it to her tomorrow lol
#ff :) miss you grace! i hope you're well :) xx
When Is #SoListen Video Coming Out.!:) Been Watching #BoyFriend!!!
text me
LOL just got "u dont fit in bc ur fat n not from here" in a msg. Poor, pathetic, hateful creatures(: This world has #NoLove <3
u all messed up
like where at though?
I don't think you have any idea how much I worry when don't tell me things.
So I heard that new Madonna song again. Perhaps I judged her too harshly. I mean, she is pretty talented for a cadaver.
lol i cant even do mines lmaooo.
oh hey I magically appeared on my couch with my tv on with my phone and my backpack across the room closed. Oops.
Lee Vining is blustery. Bridgeport is for sale. Bodie is strangely tranquil. The despedida continues...
Glad you're excited about #GH! Please give Liz some hot romance - we've been waiting for years!!
Great day all around...!
haha. Paid in Full
OU loses top RB to A&M, Texas loses this guy to Mizzou. Anyone in the Big 12 scared yet about recruiting against the SEC now?
You made me smile and I wish you were here with me right now. Nah really I'm just pissed cause you ain't down.
Audience shown 30 Days clip where West Virginia Christian lived with Muslim Americans in Dearborn, Mich. Stares, security checks
Aaaaaaannnnd now you see why Rodgers is the true MVP!
Bill Horn swears by "dousing," a divine-inspired way to find water for a well. UCSD engineering prof: "I wouldn't recommend using it"
so true haha
follow me back then DM me please
Thank you seniors! Great season & careers! Good luck!
I have an 10 yr old 4 yr old stepson an twin girls on the way
Finished the last of a stack of Cadfael mysteries, now I'm homesick for the 12th century.
Lol I dedicate my songs to everyone RT when are you going to dedicate a song to me?
Give me a min ya'll
Hahah ...umm ouch...RT : "I refuse to believe that corporations are people until Texas executes one."
Hey there you should check us out :)
that's what they say lol
let's talk. I am struggling with this on our campus.
good point, I'm not so sure about it as a reading device either. Still a fan of my original Kindle.
Hey Tax Collectors! We are playing #CarmelHighSchool tomorrow morning at 11:30 or so. Tune in Central Indiana 91.3 FM WHJE!!
how else do u respond to somebody callin u a goofy...
I love proving people wrong<3
It is a shorter version of our salary survey, just pulls your data from LinkedIn. Our survey tells you what others are making,
tonight is gonna be a fucking party (:
What is the best guide book that you have bought about WDW?
“: We don't lose friends. We just learn who our real ones are.”
“: I need a beer.” maybe something a little stronger!
Curiosity has me ask: How has Vacants to Values been a failure? Thanks!
Now she changed it and said to wear shorts on Friday. Who plans to wear shorts?
So announced this is their last show. All the more poignant.
bet he ain't takin the last shot either lol
NOT YOU lol
FDR built the middle class in 100 days from a wheelchair. Why are we holding it together with scotch tape and bailing wire laying down?
Carn the mighty Hawks! Love our family footy night <3
Okay Twitterverse, who all is going to ?
haha I know right :) I'm half mexican half dominican :3 But I live in California & You... :]
Sunday= mother/daughter juicing day, farmers market, making 10 gallons of herb tea day. I'm doing the paleo cleanse with her for support.
Random morning #shoutout to (:
Done being sad. Focusing on me now.
Back to Milwaukee! :(
Narcissistic Rant: My stomach isn't that flabby anymore and I think I can see some rib definition! Why didn't anyone tell me exercise works?
"Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know."
Discover What Moves You - Find your passion and strive to live your life around it. Make your list. Do your homework. There is this caution,
Try it now fool.
Where the fat chicks at?
Why? Why? Why? Why? : Sam Dalembert's 2-year deal w/ Houston pays $7M in '11-12, w/ team option for $7M in '12-13
MN bound... Excited to be reunited with and
This is chaz I don't know where fayth went! I can't find her!!!
It's not the end, he's been reincarnated as a tricycle.
Did I mention I squeezed few trash bags too looking for it #honestly oh boy! #lost and found wedding ring
- I'm sure your Mom is great and all the things you say. My mom is as well. But she didn't get to choose. She HAD to work, too.
Our healthcare system isn't broken; it gets exactly what it incentives.
good. I'm going to start looking tonight. Here's hoping the dress fits!
text me if you have my number I has a wuestion
Getting back mixes for the EP entitled "A Brighter Side." Get stoked! Get stoked!
"This is for all the Tostitos" A fitting epilogue to a sterile, disjointed, kind of goofy game.
Did you know has a newbie check-in offer? A FREE tap beer on your first check-in.
miss you!
I wonder if the power will stay on ... Big thunderstorm w hail is south of here and making tons of noise!
Whoops! That wasn't meant to be public yet! I'm posting the final version soon.
nope want to move there though! And is a great friend!!
The pleasure is all mine. Enjoy your weekend, too!
How stupid is Amare'? We have Rose, shumpert who would kill to play right now and Amare is taking himself out the playoffs
Oh if you would only see how truly courageous you are.
on the "popular" page two days in a row on Instagram. just sayin.
Here at Hein are already starting to gear up for AALL 2012! Hope to see everyone in Boston!
There is NO point in measuring academic performance of students who are not engaged. Measure achievement of students who are engaged.
literally got the text to go out right after I tweeted it.
Fan's might get to see that Laker's vs Heat finals this year.
Um not quite.
basketball, football, and rugby players
Q6 Good question. If at first you don't succeed, try, try again?
understanding power equality
Sure I don't like Fanny Pak as much as others crews, but I'm not saying they are not good dancers. I still respect them for dancing good ok.
thanks Tracy! Ruth is a great lady,
It Clearly States "THE SIDE EFFECTS" Of The Drug. Its Well Known
hey was up
its going to take a very long time for the world to get past this..
The American family is a terrorist organization that terrorizes itself lest it be bothered by anything else.
Great news on the fight against strip mining. Thanks ! That was an uplifting e-newsletter. Hope I can participate this summer.
And I took like a 2 hour nap today haha
Thanks guys, I wish I could have been there.
creating Access forms and considering an outreach opportunity
Listening to people's dreams is like listening to the details of their last shopping trips.
Game 4 baby!!! Pacers v Magic #PacerNation Get this 3-1 lead!!
dying. I'm surprised edwina slate the IV didn't have one.
Thanks very much!
Mike Brown finally made a good decision.. 2 first round picks for Carson! I'll take that, Thank you very much!!!!
BYNUM 2O SOME YRS OLD WITH ALL THAT GREY ASS HAIR!
Welcome to the right side of history, Mr. President. Now close Gitmo.
- I think when its said and done, the end of his career will look a lot like Favre and Jordan.
depends is that pink and blue? if yes then yes I love it!
never leave the one you love for the one you like because the one you like will leave you for the one he loves <3
I look the bomb anyway! <3
Miss you :)
Wrap party for "The Garden" Actually the half wrap party :)
“ thanks some of yall deserve it. I know mine do”
thanks I really will try to. U got any special plans this wk.?
Way to go rangers!
Do Jean shorts still exist?? And I ain't talking about daisy duke variety
is cooking eggs...
need to go on tour already Im dying for a show in houston!!!
since I study graphics in college and i do so much computer, social media is starting to feel like homework
Met agents yesterday, now must finish the memoir.
Trying to decide whether to go back to sleep or not. At this point I have had about 1 hr of sleep total. Someone make my brain shut up!
If Reggie Evans has vertigo, I take it all back, but if he doesn't, how does he even take a shower without falling down immediately?
i dont understand!
Heidi! Sorry I missed this before. Good Seasonings mix w olive oil & balsamic vinegar. PLUS a big dollop raspberry preserves
It was hilarious xD but cool :p RT : playing (or trying to) just dance with :') &gt;
Ive been to ecuador..It's a nice place
I like my beats fast and my bass down low
thank you for the invitation! It was great seeing you too. it was a pleasure meeting you.
latest single , listen at www.reverbnation.com/roberttorme
life is beautiful when life is music...
i like to keep it open!
concert tonight with some other cool people! Party with Biz Markie tomorrow night! Oh yeah! :D
24 months. So only a few months to go. Didn't bother with the customer service complaint; just decided ill switch carriers
to the BBTF Team... Happy Holidays, we really love you guys, thank you for all the hard work and laughs. We are ready for an amazing 2012
haha yeah after a point its hard to go back. The D800 looks solid
Or maybe my memory is just complete crap...😒
hmm is this the first day you could see it usa always seems to be the last
First banAna phone marriage proposal. Do love bkny
mo tell who am I going to tell
Good seeing you all and saying howdy.
Take apart all my words until you find what you're looking for out there.
after spending most of the day not grading, i've moved out to the back yard to grade. it couldn't be more perfect outside.
#chicagocubs when you buy a handyman special don't expect your neighbors 2pay4 the renovation. You own the house now fix it
Nice work on the photo contest!
Last chance for lunch at Wet Stone this week. Come by at 11:00am, or call ahead to place your order for pick-up 619.255.2856. Happy Friday!
Revisiting old haunts: There's no place any place quite like this place so this must be the place TOMMY'S JOYNT Geary @ Van Ness
ANYWAYS, I LOVE MILEY
☺ “A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one Year and out the other.”—Anonymous
iPhone died on Sunday, Apple gave me a replacement on Monday. Then AT&T tries to charge me extra for my data plan. PwnageTool to the rescue
Twitter is such an important tool for moms. I rarely have the mental capacity for thoughts exceeding 140 characters anyway.
Harry makes four nipples sexy ;)
11/16/10 ♥ by far the best night of my life!
Haha! What could possibly be better than homemade crunk?
I had no idea New York got so many ads for Connecticut.
Search "SOUL FOOD MIXTAPE" on Google Play to get 's newest music for free!
Thanks to the Marquee Tri aiders and athletes for their encouragement on the run. I finished my first olympic in 3hrs 8 mins. Bring it on.
Alkaline diet tip: When cooking, use oils that are alkaline forming. These include olive, avocado, and coconut oils.
If there was a day for everything you have given to me as a mother, it would be a Mothers Day every day.
#thebestthingsinlifeRgreen on a cloud smoking loud
RT : But be doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving yourselves. (James 1:22 ESV)
Hey , would either of you let me pick your brain regarding the #UWrightnow campaign for one of my projects?
Let's Go #MUFC!!! On FX for the american fans
great love <3
and that's why I only release Vinyl!
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
don't delete them! Embarrassing past entries are always so much fun to come back to. Plus you can track your growth!
yeah. I'm furious. That's why you will be seeing me at lockefield haha
Thought I was locked in the trash room.
Thank you for checking into The Harp! See you soon!
Need more followers!! Get #flowdaily out there people!
Sometimes I really hate #glee bc they take songs that i loved and noone knew and now everyone knows them
Thank you to our substitute for telling us his life story.
I wanna rock out to some
Ready to present at #GRID2012 #UMD about Multilingual Use of Twitter
the credits in these movies take an hour on top of an already lengthy movie. Last time I stuck around, I felt burned
It's about to be a cat fight! Lol
No breakfast balls on twitter?
Music isn't just music ..it's medicine for me
Point is, if Mike & Mike et al don't freak out about it at earlier times, it's unfair not to revisit that when they do.
Thanks for stopping by today!
Very nice.
I can't believe today is my 29th #birthday. Wow. #ImOld but I still feel
Yes, this is good news!! Now we need administrators from MI schools to vote in favor of the waiver. LetEmPlay.us
Stop saying ur the next best thing when selling ur product.. if u really are,they will name u that.. not u!
Dave makes me Salty...
I love how I @ myself too :)
Just found out Carroll Shelby died last week. End of an era.
firefox has one built into the browser so :P if it's your laptop you can get firefox and use it instead, just a suggestion:P
Oh no! I'll be your friend! 3 days has already been too long! ://
Of course I do! ;) RT see you still think about us...sometimes ha ha x
RT : Happy Birthday to the current and future great young man. Work hard in Vegas.
- I'll take dominating a game, and having your team <<<<<<<<< Help out too! PERIOD
I cant wait!! Question, where do u get those red earrings u wore on TheVoice?? Theyre awsome.
is awesome. TY for following
The moment where you give your friend the ‘what the f-ck is this’ look during a test.
People focus on chasing pennies and lose dollars.
Looking for reasons to use Google Docs & related Google services over similar Microsoft applications. Pls share your experience with either!
kick off at 8 but already got the ustream feed on
Always remember 9/11/01. God Bless America. Where were you on that tragic day?
Audition tip: Always ask a Casting Director your questions. It's YOUR audition! Own it!
Psyched to be heading to #WomenWhoWrite to hang with & two of my favorite tweeps.
Sylvester Stallone's Bullet to the Head Pushed to February 2013
Yep! Then I ate my cat.
Oklahoma! FREE SHOW TONIGHT in Lawton. See you in the pit
Brand yourself in your music, logo, bio, website, social media sites, videos, networking events
hope you had a great day <3
Grapefruit IPA is the truffle I make. I use Ruination IPA. Delish!
so excited cause im going to USAF, Stanford University , San Jose university,& UCSC but im kinda nervous
Thank you for last night. You know who you are!
Guess who had a really productive day at the jam space yesterday. Budwieser, Shiner, and Mickey's.
Anyone looking for journalism interns in Madison?
Madonna's clips on VH1 right now would curb stomp her Super Bowl Halftime show.
Speechless! you f'n stud! Congrats brother! Back to Boston!
Irritated with people tonight fent to go off
Heard it here on Farquhar
wait. there are channels besides ESPN and ESPN2?
you have to admit naming your beer palate wrecker markets perfectly to silly beer geeks looking for the extreme.
It's funny that I have to go to Encino for #IHOP and #Benihana. Also, Happy Holidays! :)
Amazing #mcn2010. Now to calm down, pack, and prepare to be underwhelmed by a long week of NARA training, DC looks cold, too.
": Your lips may smile although your heart may cry."
Looks like we wanted New Orleans but they offered a whole lot more and all of it was "as is".
On Thursday morning ... I'll have an #NFL slideshow of "Fantasy Football's 16 Best Running Back Combos"
So far it is a good day, now lets hope some Stupid person doesn't come in and mess it up
"Can I help you, Nate?" "No, just looking."
#bigomaha: Can't imagine there aren't a few of you who aren't Ultimate Frisbee nuts. Admit it: Who brought their disc?
Rain this week-end......it doesnt rain in L.A.
Uhh. I must not be dorking enough? "New NO in Jedi?" No comprende :(
Might get in trouble at work for this dress I'm wearing... We shall see.
I apologize for being out of twitter for a while. Let me know what's going on and I'll retweet anything you tweet me!
you're my love and my best friend
Just when things look bad "remember kids Charlie loves you." Lol:-) :-) :-)
How are the arms boys? beasted upper body today
I have a big problem right now
yeah we ready. Should be fun
probably best proxy w/out knowing exact measures or details about dropped ceilings, raised floors, utility areas, etc.
700 Congress? I'll head that way shortly.
+ are forever my favorite couple! so cute together makes me say Aw out loud! #love congrats juliet!
Ridiculous tweet of the day.
Clemson’s spring practice provide a mixed bag
#FF our first #FF ever! Spread us out man thanks!
Thanks, I'll add you to the list! (Yay, Louise :)
I just noticed that doing your laundry teaches you how to be racist. O_o
"Nowadays we confuse physical touch with sexual harassment." -Juan on the need for real connections in a online world
oops, I spent most of today working on something not due for a few days, instead of the stuff I need to finish before leaving today...
#Tangled is officially my favorite movie, it's cute, funny, sad, cute, funny lol & that little chameleon is effin adorable <3 (: haha
Has anyone else noticed that most older hispanic have a belly?? Lol fatass nigga need to go some where with this singing
Ur the reason I smile when I wake up
That awkward moment when a picture of my backside is on the Boston Youth Fund website....
lol!!!! She's just helping her mama test :)
I made a promise to keep voting for and imma keep it :)
Dude I have all your shirts and wear them everywhere!
me likey too!!!!! Thor was my favorite eye.
Can't complain about the late calls fans this should have been done a long time ago. Screwbulls''t
no I love her lots. Lots of love to give.
tomorrow I believe.
Gorgeous out today forreal but some of you hoes is not
Excited for a few surprises tomorrow :) Shhh, I am not telling....
I'm digging the Four Year Strong tweets!
they have the best amaretto almonds..can't get enough!
I saw the movie "gone" today and i finally got to see twilight breaking dawn!! #bothgoodmovies :D
I siesta-ed for so long this afternoon that I can't fall asleep
crazy ass night
Generate more income on a monthly basis than Starbucks from home with no overhead expenses? At 2:00 PM EST 218-548-0886 CODE:417091#
RT : That's what its all about! Its universal. RT : good... get Dark & Lovely
Answer your phone slut.
I haven't played a weekend round of golf other than tourney in 8 years. 6.5 hour round one Sat cured me. Early AM b4 work I like.
We hope all of you have a wonderful and safe Labor Day weekend!
sitting in class...struggling o.O
My roomie is a professional.
Beautiful day. Planning my day around a lunch ride on my Bicycle. #Carmel has close to 200 miles of trails and paths
Boosie gettin out murder bout 2 go up sad
Can someone tell me what happens at the end of dear john I really hate love movies and this shit is killing me
Happy Birthday :D
"any innovation in technology modifies our relation to ourselves and to our bodies” -Marshall Mcluhan
theater arts students are honored
I try to quit drinking every other day.
I guess that's where my mortgage goes now...
Bitches Having Eargasims &The Pleasure Is Us Lol Son Went Hard -TY Thee Human
Wear short sleeves & Support your right to bare arms!
It's karaoke Wednesday and we're serving up karaoke courage for you all night long.
haha u so didnt make that!! mom!!!!!Nicks lying again!! lmfao!
my baseball coach always said " your as good as your last at bat" or if he was talking to team " your as good as your last gm"
No matter how good of a girl you think she is or might be, a hoe is still hoe...
I never told you how proud I was that you somehow included 5ive and OTown (and left out BSB) in your "boyband" DrawSomething.
gotta love that
Remember - you can choose either 20% off your whole order (Code: FABFEB) or free shipping (FABFREESHIP) now thruw Feb 28th!
Gonna go die. K cool fuck you.
I covered longs. Going to let dust settle. AUDJPY USDJPY
James Franco has White Tiger Blood and Madonna's DNA.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 59
LOL 's mentions are possibly worse than that dude for the 49ers who dropped that kickoff last year.
hello to a fellow Okie! I'm from Healdton, but moved to Milwaukee a few years ago.
Ill b just like your bitch!! Cause I give a fuck
Sure. Not much of a hardware hacker though. What sort of tablet?
#ThingsSheNeverToldYou I'm only wit u for your money..  Smh
hahahah "welcome To chao city folks my names adam ill be your server for the night, i hope you enjoy the finest chow on the east"
Why is "Who Is Paul McCartney" trending?? Someone explain, please.. STUPID kids today! Don't know a thing about real music.
I might actually succeed in finishing my work if not for you crazy kids.
going 2 go finish hw then play basketball. i pulled a muscle recently but that doesn't stop me. i've been playin 4 almost 7 years. i luv it
Sure thing. Best of luck!
Thanks for the RT
you should be able to know who's flagging/trying to delete your posts/ads on CraigsList.
Female Developers overview was overlooked...Due to time? Missing good stuff!
great job bro!
No but I'm a work-a-holic (a lazy one too)
that's sounds great I'm making this for breakfast now
You are FUNNY man!! Love it... pianists/ music theorists save the earth!
>> I appreciate the follow king
Despite cooked foods draining my intelligence, I'm down.
Woke up today alive so I really can't complain
Oh man #LoveGame3! I hope you win love you girl!
“: so anxious ."^ stuck in my head
At karaoke! <3
Thanks for following us! -Dove Express
Peace going to bed
st Lucy's playground
…and by “read,” I mean digest over days and weeks, returning to each book in different moods and at different hours of the day…
I hope u get better sorry I couldn't tel u that earlier I had to help someone so I just wanted to say get well and I love u :)
Ill take you to the shady lady, make time for it... haha
Joesph it was a pleasure speaking with you!
Why do our US national holidays favor right-wing Republicans.?
I wanna see Kansas and Louisville make it final.
At least my wish came true..
thats AWESOME did you get it early? <3
Leaving Vegas, a bit sleep deprived and a bit hurt.
At Last: A Tribute to Etta James THIS SUMMER @ Women's Voices!
Supermoon viewing foiled by cloud cover. Said I'd finish homework before playing w/ new computer. But date night at 112 Eatery was lovely.
wow nice to see u joined Twitter
Oh you gone muscle me now, asparagus ?!
only a bestie will stay on ooVoo with you so you can watch ABDC
Alls sweet in La La, how about u? x
I just introduced my 2-year-old to live improvised music at As we were leaving he said "that was fun". Still not asleep.
Is Growl really trying to extort $2 out of me with all of these Update Growl notifications? Is there a free alternative yet?
ok, you should have received an email with details. please DM phone+zip or service address, i'll see what info i can get for you
the new Blake Griffin Kia commercials>>
Us too. Mother Nature better not get PMS before Saturday
always. If I ever have a band, it will be called The Always Alreadys.
Creed concert tickets for Milwaukee, San Antonio, Las Vegas, Woodlands, Cuyahoga Falls, Cincinnati go on sale this weekend.
So you fancy tackling my Android jobs?! A degree in all things Star Wars related probably won't help you. How are you mate?
Woot! Wish you all we're here! HA! #TwitterMovie Fun! =D
really hope to see way more of Duffy.
Doing well. Thanks.
Essays formulate in full in my head first. When the words overflow, start to give a headache, that's when I pick up a pen, get it all out.
our apologies: the corsair show is at the southern, not the
Banana Pudding Milkshakes are like Heaven,
Although I do know hot weather makes kale more bitter. Maybe related?
If only Kings Of Leon and Paramore would tour together.. My life would be complete!.
Cool, looking forward to it! If you guys need any press, let me know, I can post in on my site!
#Tweagles Alum! RT : S/O to for getting some love on the today
Love putting 'Fringe' style real-world titles in every video project I can.
enjoy your red ring to rule them all
Dog walkers needed! Stop in and apply today!! :)
Another Rock station dies so News/Talk may live on FM: Cox's WHTQ (96 Rock)/Orlando is the latest, as WDBO goes to an AM/FM simulcast.
TransAtlantic pipeline - biggest env disaster in 2002 that never happened: 7.9 EQ and not a drop of oil spilled -Applegate
Why would it be a problem for someone to sleep? Q3
Goodnight world. Day has been fulfilling and love what God did at lakeview. Can't wait until next week
Financing a Foreclosure Purchase - NASDAQ
Who is this kid?!? I hate him! -V
omg perfection
David: So far so good! I think we'll get a better idea of the totals a little later this morning.
thank you son son :))
": your cover of Bruno Mar's "It Will Rain" is beautiful! True talent girl! #newfan" thank you! glad you like it!
Ctfup bitch if you gonna tlk shit get the fucking story straight i broke up wit him then they wnt out name ya bf or ya friend o.O o !
Fundamentals remain for gold to resume its bull run - CITY A.M.
haha I challenge you! Timholtuk if you dare
RT true artist looking for original hip hop
what time will the world record be happening at usf in april 25th? I really want to come!:)
Disappointment is such understatement to describe how I feel about the #Caps loss last night. But, Wednesday will be another chance.
Thank you for the RTs!
lovelovelovelove YOU! Can't wait to treat you tonight... dress nice, like you always do :) XO!
Lets remember our troops this July 4th...celebrating freedom and independence everywhere!
I can't stay off my tl... I ain't use to this... drunk but I gotta see how she feel
I thought Andy worked 5 WPTs in the last 7 years?
We I glad Mumz had a gud tyme, I will Sis I might bring my Sis 2 C it her bday is Friday..Um thankz Sis u gave me an idea ;-)
This is our weekend, thanks for the #ff. Go
What about Pete Fountain?: A letter to the editor
I think I'm in love with Evernote.
This afternoon I'm listening to descriptions of encounters with snakes, stings from scorpions, etc, in the desert
I want sum subway nd shrimp..nd mayb a corn dog wit sum lemonade
we're all on the same pg! :) i.e. almost all PMCIDs have corresponding PMID - exception of book reviews/out of Pubmed scope
Try our new Crispy Onion and Spinach Turkey Burger!
Two years later and I still don't know why. Missin you.
8 track tapes are so last decade. Cassette tapes can fast forward AND rewind!
Oh yes. Definitely. Just his page has no mention of Akron and "one more TBD" under the Puerto Rico heading.
clearly nobody likes me on here anymore...ive been slacking cause of school. im sorry :(
I just don't understand, why you running from a good man baby? Why you wanna turn your back on love.. why you've already given up..
Roobios tea, john maus, airport shuttle
A great tasting orange can lift me out of the worse moods. I need to carry one with me everywhere I go.
can't wait :) when do you come back down? And it's almost your birthday <3
Lakers and 2 SEC baseball games on. Loving this
Can we bring Bill Belichick to coach the Sox???
can u c the stdnt artwork on set? Thx for putting it up!
OK, this made me smile. Organization is called Certified Preowned Dogs. They rescue small dogs and find them homes.
Whent to the Hollywood farmers market, great produce,great meat can't wait to use you guys Thanks so much for your hard work
Wow #mubb is lookin good tonight....
nothing don't take that in a mean way
"He himself was not the light; he came only as a witness to the light."John 1:8. We're here as witnesses to point to Christ, the true Light.
it means just do. it. live. go with it babyboo. YOUGOTIT
Yes! I will head up the campaign.
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
Wow i am so tired!
So cute waiting for while he is singing Cancer
congrats on being named first team all-american kind, gentle, secretly #beastMODEallDAY sir
Good luck to all of the STL Bracket Challenge participants from ! Winner gets a great gift certificate from REDD! Go
My roommate hasn't seen Firefly. This...this is being remedied immediately.
ME. It's so good to hear your voice!
Anyone having trouble getting on D3 still?
Exactly. But it'd be irresponsible to put him back in
plz follow me and send me ur email. I'd love to connect!
the long two, when by design, seems terrible because most likely could have gotten a higher EV 3pt shot.
No worries. Just wanted to let you know.
There are 612 Time Capsules; we just opened 355 this week!
Riding through Los Angeles blasting that trap girl
Chris Brook just said: "how about Dillinger Escape Plan B?" background: we're watching that band and they suck. hard.
it means you are safe from the purgatory of bad Children's music, for now.
For your convenience we have added a toll free reservation number 1 888 581 4446
": Near death?" I think you need to take your turn at the debate desk.
Andre 3000 shouldn't even be compared with the likes of Beyonce or J. Cole
Found out where dreams are born - unicorn testicles. Special thanks to Bob's Burgers for that info.
that would b legit!ima get back to u asap bout that cuz i need to figure out if ima need a car this weekend while im at home lol
I'm tired of seeing him constantly get hurt..
“ Can I get a text msg?”
Glamorama is my all time favorite book. I also liked The Secret History by Donna Tartt, who was friends in college with BEE.
Todd Coffey to the disabled list due to a freak injury while doing the truffle shuffle
1968 Historical Calendar of the Navajo People. Read it and GetItGone.
When girls aren't loyal<<<<<
Stop interrupting the flow of JVM's interviews
bahahaha. So wrong.
Please,follow me :D
so you can fully prepare for all the hugs he gives?
I refuse to see battleship because Rihanna is in it.... like she's a singer not an actress. I can't take her seriously.
Book your next event with us! or contact
#blackparentquotes Your daddy wasn't a glass maker, I thought he had a secret job because that was all she would say about his job lol
RT boys* #TurnOff Girls who smoke cigarettes <<<<
Eating fried bananas ^.^
Does #reallysimplestatistics take requests? Any wise words about multicollinearity?
My new rich name is emerald chingang
I've been sick for like 2 weeks im starting to get worried blah
Real talk though, Kim Kardashian is a bigger threat to the symbolic sanctity of marriage than any same sex couple.
Smash time!
W/e
good point
I'm good enough.....I'm smart enough and gosh darn it, people like me!
RT : Before I go. #Kobey #loose. Never forget. <- NEVER
Saying no to pink goop... it's time for
welcome aboard Team leader with an affinity for human interaction, psychology, design, and technol Managing Director
My producer is off the chain!!! This album is gonna be rocking because of his mad skills!!!:-)
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you can't express yourself without music :/
Hey can you DM your email address or follow me? I want to send you a business note.
Planning full day of shopping in #chitown and getting any/everything i want!!
Its been on news all week lol
Middle school worship this morning was amazing. Anybody who says that middle school students can't focus and worship God, are mistaken.
Sweet! Good luck to you.
Happy Mother's Day to me! Queen for a day!
“: I'm happy for all the people tweeting about going to shows but we need some love up north! OH or IN soon?” hope so!
So Creighton is my new college bball favorite
RT :taking a wild guess here: the #NJ #Devils won tonight.based on raucous noise &horn blaring autos outside my window. :)
Baker gets a good break at Assumption - Foxboro Reporter
I know. LOL Thanks!
The Sandias are looking very volcanic.
anyone know how to make twitter let you follow more people?
Are the Dems really going to be able to saddle us with a cap-and-trade thing? There must be some way we an stop this.
Can't wait for the premier of the Bachelorette tomorrow! I'm in Charlotte today & saw 's interview in today's paper! Love her!
Kristina it has NOTHING to do with me! I have moved on and Jaimee has too! I don't understand where this all is coming from??
Lookin Forward to hearing the new project!!!
hah those fish tacos were orgasmic...lmao (x
Blessed beyond measure.
haha got it
can't wait to see you on Thursday @ SXSW I wanna take a pic with you....
did you get a hard case for the akai apc40? I need to get one
Thanks Starbucks for making a good frapp today... We won't talk about the last 100.
plzzzzzzz follow me it my new years wish
What kind of person who works at the Art Institute do you need?
I'd be happy to see THE AVENGERS nab the biggest opening weekend. A movie that massive deserves a giant haul.
: Not mine per se, but… you can add a trigger to set the update to happen at regular intervals… Can I email you a bit later?
Famine, the new size 000
Goodmorning everyone!!! Hope everybody had a great friday!! Now its time for a great saturday!!! ^_~
"When the winds of change blow, some build walls and others build windmills." I'm also seeing lots of people raise their sails leave.
Congratulations to Art and Art History Prof. Evan Reed, who has been awarded a prestigious Franz and Virginia Bader Grant!
an early special #FF to the old pals , check them out you won't be dissapointed.
I'm waiting for James Dyson to claim he's reinvented the shop vac by simply selling a black hole generator.
I'm in the business of illusions.
Everytime I dig into a fan,they only can throw shit bout kim!Y can't you defend nicki with how good she is or impact she makes?
Just crazy! If losing weight and toning were THAT easy, I'd be thin and toned too! ha ha
I think these niggas out here reading lips, salty we the only niggas eating chips
Library Program today, looking for ushers for MML, and gearing up for our Beginning Acting Workshop.
I'll be in the mix at the hangar tonight! $3 you call it's & $2.50 Beers all night long!
because you can't keep leaving me ! and that is good news #yayshannon!!!!
that's what she said
I guess. I just can't imagine liking that kind of player/play. smh
One day I'll be famous and people will actually care what I tweet.But by then.Twitter will be gone probably.
Never Woulda thought that that girl would like that guy.... Thats what I call a,"HOW ON EARTH SPECIAL?"
proud of you...good luck!
40 pages in the application to MediCal? Facts from #lwv luncheon preso about health reform acts.
I didn't mind watching him stand there!
not to mention the NBA refs calling their own timeouts...whats that about?
haha yes, I'm originally from Hazleton, PA :)
true story. “: Subtweeting about an ex means they have won.”
Hooked it up with the brgr black & white malt tonight! Damn I love NY...
is Raelert bleeding or is my screen resolution just weird?
pick up your phone!!
When I grow up I wanna be just like , but taller. #FollowFriday (via )
Heck yes! I played that all the time when i was younger! I'll come play with you (; hahaha in my dreams! :D x
so ready for you to be here already!!! <3
Happy Birthday Heather J!
Thank you for the mentions! Enjoy making it an awesome Monday!
The pre-sale is on... will you get tickets before the show sells out??
I like #instagram! Mainly cause I LOVE pictures and capturing the moment
thanks man, it was an awesome surprise!
^ Family involvement is a valuable thing and playing together actively can be the '90s version of it. Instead of just watching, you can...
Rumor has it #TSC might return with ABC or some other network #FingersCrossed in the meantime can't wait 4 new tv series Beauty & The Beast
Grandmas birthday is this Friday! Hopefully that means I get to see family ??
NO!! That was WAY too weird!!!
comebacks are a bitch in the golf game
Of course, the biggest challenge to mobile location is battery life.
chicago does have the best pizza! having fun yet?
Happy Friday Beautiful People! SAG-AFTRA merger Approved! #CarpeDiem - XavierLT. com
About to step back out.
#hth2012 Yan: giving great talk. Looking at dynamics of Web media / nationalism and heritage. "Bottom up" is not always pretty!
the fact that a small generation of ppl on twittr could be unaware that "Titanic" is historical fiction is an indictment of our times.
It's weird, processed foods taste bad to me now too. Eggs & nuts are my fast food. Dark chocolate & wine are my fav. indulgences.
same to you child...be careful NYE with all these loose hoes and shady negros out here...keep it 100 sugar...
Really now?? “ Face Down...”
Everybody wants somebody who doesn't want them and wants somebody else
Looking for a minneapolis TW for a new assignment. Interested? Reach out via Twitter or LinkedIn.
I cannot wait until 7:47 tomorrow
North Phx. n u
ya man it sucks. Just been limpin around the last 4 days. Lol
A guy wearing skinny jeans just walked in with a coffee mug that looks like a camera lens and an old fashioned suitcase
I think that depends a lot on how they argue, there is a healthy way to do it but far to many don't do it that way.
Im here....i haven't been on here in like 2 months. Im sorry lol :-*
I want my bed right now I don't want be in chemistry lab 😣
gas bombs n arrests #opd oakland ca its just lunch time dam
and and umm I love to txt and make friends
ah i was veryy hapy to see you Friday love =)
Thanks for the response!
I've been eyeing an iPad since the first one. Might be time. I'd do the in-app purchase thing if it was useful. Must try first!
literally craving another tattoo...I know where part of my first paycheck is going
I'm forming a Synth-Pop duo ala Erasure called HISTRIONIC, and at every live show my partner will throw a tantrum and insist he's quitting.
Working on thesis and my mind is spinning on war metaphors
You have got to be kidding me! I believe now that the #Brewers do, in fact, suck.
hooray! I wish I had internet to listen to the rest of it.
OMG my hair
They're all cool. Digging the jewelry, too.
He just didn't understand that I had right of way. I'm sure he'll think about that as he wipes my handprints off his hood.
Chet Haze will be performing with LMFAO at Central Michigan University on October! There is an expected attendance of over 10,000!
Got casted! Excited for a new challenge and to push myself.
AHEM. RT Your hyphens were valid and clear
RT : Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?
for sure. I'm free until 5pm you time
lets get outta here
just watched jesus>religion video at church today. i had to come home and youtube you. You speak the truth! You inspire me!
The Bing sessions at Soho House
will they do it today?
QR code don't: Sign next to a urinal (unless by Duchamp, presumably) @
How the Fuck do i stop getting someones tweets >_<
Had a great time with at the studio tonight. Funny s&%t!
Kulov Tea Festival, May 13, 14, 15 in L.A.. We'll be there, will you?
thanks! Should find out this week if I get in!
What happened to the sweet Patrick Kane from the start of the season, who in an interview, referred to a girlfriend who gives him Twizzlers?
and bridesmaid dress shopping of course.... *girlish shrieking*
at least it wasn't in studio A live room. :-/
this, does not surprise me. Bring me home goofy taffy please!
YOU'RE INSECURE, DON'T KNOW WHAT FOR?
HEY DALLAS CHRIS BROWN CONCERT, ARE YOU READY TO PARTY WITH US ON OCTOBER 22ND? Follow for more info/chance to win a ticket
Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . ♥
and your amazing fans got it trending. #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
Are YOU working towards your dreams? Focused on what you WILL accomplish? Preparing yourself to WIN?
P.s. is cooler than me, but he didn't need to get a new iPad to prove it
Hope u enjoyed ur easter boys and gals! We finally made an instagram! Follow us via SixStorieaTold
oh shoot, do I have to start working from home?
hey man, is there anyway you can just give me the cash tomorrow at school?
Conflicting reports on Ryan Braun's fate, hm. Who do I believe?
true, i take longer but i neve look better.
Chone Figgins and Ichiro go deep in the first inning. Who says the Mariners don't have power hitters?
I love you.
Hi! Are you looking for a new apartment in Chicago? We're a free service and would love to help!
At #tff Mr. B slams the DoE for not allowing his chorus to sing for the #president of the united states.
“: My favorite time to watch tv is when I'm listening to music. Suckit.” agreed!!
thats the point, duh. come see me so we can lay in bed and watch Roseanne reruns! Any TamTam advice on a sinus headache?
Figured out that I now go up and down seven flights of stairs 4x/week in addition to walking with my normal #commute. Not joining a
Mr. Ryan, are u furry because ur egyptian?
How is your prediction of #Montana over sitting now?
Watching The Breakfast Club with my love:) waiting for my sister to get home
uh huh.
haha sweet! What's your user?
Darius Miller Test Drive, sign up here in the show room for a test drive and enter to WIN a Signed Basketball by Darius Miller.
I did not say that. Mr. Green playing my husband did though. I just stuck with the NOD. Perspective! It's frozen dinners not Bruckheimer.
Dude since you have nothing to do we can hang out! Kay? Kay sounds good.
I got that future boom boom boom !!!
are they sober and drug free?
Go register to vote this week (3/19-23) at Medgar Evers College from 11am to 7pm in the B, S & AB1 building lobbies.
lol! GOP nothing if not consistent in bizarre twisted 'logic.' can't win on merits: lie!
Find your #identity in Christ.
I whip my hurr back and forth
I Feel So Good Today..I Am Goin Outside And Enjoy This Day...Have A Blessed Day Facebook... *BMG*
Today in 1794 opened to the public
The new paints are in the store, and have been input into the system so they can be purchased! I will be posting a pic soon
Patty & I are going over your Twitter 101 slides
I like staying the night at a family members house and talking to someone that's it.
please follow please !
Wow - that looks amazing. Have a great rest of the day!
Don't pull away and lock myself away
cool bro!
I will make the wealth of my son's life & future the motivation in my daily life. Within their future ,lies my purpose.
or perhaps he's been offered a spot as a Fox News talking head.
I love how much these anchors get it! #UndercoverDirectionersAtTodayandSunrise :D Xx
nice in Chicago today, so perhaps it's headed your way, Courtney.
Traveling to Coachella or just want the inside scoop? We suggest following She'll have all the info you need!
Omg. Im so jealous! There is this thing if you stay in choir 4 years then you go to NY. Yeah, so thats what im gonna do (: lol
NBC's Revolution is the only show that i am excited about. Chicago Fire has some eye candy .. none of the comedies seem funny. #fourthagain?
Hey Rachel Maddow, get me a diet coke you little boy! And tell your big dumb brother Keith to go fuck himself.
Lol U tryna say I'm fat??!!
": #FailedExposure “: " never have I ever sucked a d*ck *”"u go learn today u go learn how to succ a dicc today
membership to Spa envy!
Looking for marketing associates ! Email or mention us !
Of course you can!
Just attacked the #SAA2012 program with a highlighter. Lots of talks I want to see, going to be a VERY busy trip to Memphis!
Lots of new products in the pipeline - should be a fun summer!!!!
It may sound absurd, but dont be naive. Even heroes have the right to bleed.
I think it's going to be Common that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how...
Facebook acquired Glancee (that was quick!) - Amazing what SXSW can do for your company
But all I can do now if leave it in Gods hands and have faith that he will help us get threw this
just got your card for christmas. Can't wait to start breaking it in!
Game Time!
Hair Cut... Photoshoot in two weeks, can't wait for everyone to see 😘😲
RT if you believe that Justin Bieber is Beautiful ♥ ♥ ♥
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
need an update.
Can't get used to those college rims
Good Night, twitterazzi!
Hey Candice. As you know I feature you a great deal on my Facebook Sports Business Industry page.
I wanna b just like my twin when I grow up
we are all in the gutter....but some of us are looking at the stars. ***
Thanks & and for your continued efforts on behalf of the people of Haiti. Lets us know what we can do to help.
I just hope women at start looking for jobs else where NOW.
think I'm gonna make it out monday dudes! See you soon.
I feel like playing a board game haha x
getting ready for Help! webinar with the amazing michele hayslett on the amer comm survey! #govinfo ftw
Watching "Marley". Recommended by
Boy:"why do you wear a bra?..you don't have anything to put in it......." Girl:"you wear pants don't you?"
--> RT : Dont have phone sex. You might get hearing aids. LOL
ND:Elena is still holding on to her love and the idea of what she remembers to be the perfect relationship that she had with Stefan
Public health is everybody's business: All of these expectations are met for you through the efforts of public health professionals u...
Hey guys its sophia :P, I really dunno what to tweet about on lucys account =d
resistance is futile!
lol dont let em bother you lol. work your bun lol. have a great one
when guys get horney their boners act as a compass, he's just trying to locate North
check this out my friends , thanks gordon
Donna Summer Dead -- Disco Legend Dies After Battle with Lung Cancer
will u not eat a haribo one..? Oh dunno then, thought nothing said marriage like a deep fried potato snack..? x
viktor & spoils tonight. comme by. also, u must do a saturday with me this summer.
Olive Garden for the first time since 8th grade prom <3
HEARD YOU GOT 2mill #DOWNLOADS TODAY... THATS WUZ UP... #PARTYRIOT #MAY27th here in the #H.. get at me
It is going to be pure awesomeness! ;)
Via for Oct '11 "184M US net users watched online video / avg of 21.1 hrs per viewer / total US audience viewed 42.6B videos" Wow!
admiralty law, common law and the sovereign
yes I'm talking to you?
do we need to hve a counseling group ?
bahaha i aint had mr heros in a minute
Based on TV in Kentucky, BULLY is taking the south by storm.
text a homie back
He gets so mad when I call him cuz lmao
Hooray! All safe on the ground. Check your CO detectors, everyone.
Enjoying the fact that my twitter feed is not clogged with live tweeting from SCOTUS arguments (and retweets thereof).
RT: Borders books filed for bankruptcy. How do you sleep at night, Angry Birds?
Both Tauruses. Mine's coming up this Sunday.
Don't give up on me Twitter followers and friends. I am off twitter/fb during lent (Sundays in lent are not part of the 40 days)
Don't tell me u want me then ur actions say otherwise
Top Dog
D.Hightower come on home Steelers Nation welcomes you!
Coming up next at #nasi2012: “Exploring Options to Strengthen #SocialSecurity” with Elaine Fultz (of ), Ken Buffin, & Meizhu Lui
We're trying--interleaving paper and isolating the mold, moving everything to a separate location. Ugh.
Ha! Without needing to look, she's berthed on the Anacostia River in the Navy Yard!
Just want a cold bud light and a bonfire
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen a cop catches you during
Working on an England lead. I love England leads since I lived there for a year.
Friend: Do you have a boyfriend? Me: Yes. Friend: I want to meet him! Me: Me too. Friend: You're talking about Austin Mah- Me: Yep!
Love walking by Sophia's Heart on my way to the gym and hearing them practice. Great tenant at the !
Please remember in #Syria people are still fighting to have the democratic life we have. Take a moment to send them one of your prayers
thanks for the #FF! Hope you had a great holiday!
I ask myself that a lot ;) ..if you have a blog or something & link to LyricWiki, that helps to fix it! :)
What is one characteristic that you believe every #leader should possess?
thanks I am just feeling overwhelmed I have 2 kids in the autism spectrum and I handle it pretty much ok today was hard
Have a great night.
- my dad went to high school with Duck. Seems we're losing a lot of musical greats this year.
you're always at egyptian.. you should start checking out instead of checking in.
sweet its always a good time at #FatFalfas maybe will join us Saturday night for cheap beer and movie
#BestPickUpLines "I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?"
Went out to the beach for a drink and some live music. Ended up in a millionaire's boathouse playing music. Is this real life?
Really love the new Lisa Marie Presley songs.And just read that she worked with Richard Hawley who i luv, on some of them.
GOOD MORNING BABY
Need to get the basics of using a computer? Try Gibson Lib's Beginning Computer Class tomorrow at 9:30 a.m.!
Love that dusty rose gown on McCarty! Beautiful shape and that necklace is to die for! X
Thanks for the Review! It was lovely! -BAC
I was watching it too! Aha ! (: haven't seen it in a while!
"Greatness" by that you mean Lebron James lmao the heat aint shit with out Lebron. ive said it plenty
Long exciting day ahead. My daughters is having a birthday party. No room for tweeting or bloging... maybe :)
I pledge allegiance to the
or a brand new k1600GTL someone might have just picked up yesterday!
And someone fire up Maier on Alert Five. He's getting spot starts.
Have a very merry x-mas and a happy new year! *In my TLC voice*
Is this the real Eric the Midget? Or one of the fakes? The other two I asked have confirmed that they are the real one.
- where you at ?
i had fun wit her outside (: but she forever mad at me -__- i aint even do shit fa real
what r sum predictions for the eastern v western all stars 2nite.i think the west will win.east SUCK
yes we are :)
yes, that's the song- was referring to the next one with Java tonight!
follow back? ;)
Small businesses need the same thing as big businesses...more business! Well said Hector Barreto, Latino Coalition
